- #protoflow/work
	- There is a bug with the nodejs service generation
	- Language Service nodes should just be grpc methods that have a language service attached to them and called "function" so that they are distinctly editable by the user. The user should be able to edit the type of the function in the UI and the type information from any connections should connect.
	- Parse workflow and come up with a lookup of node to type information
		- input and output types
		- try to "infer" type information.
	- example project
		- lunabrain discord message stream
		- block that waits for n number of messages and then summarizes them
		- summary is written as discord message to channel
	- When building a workflow, have an option to pull down all type information
		- type information should exist as a registry (lookup is fine for now) where grpc node can get look up its type information at build time. Type information should not be stored inside project
	- Build OS components that use the protoflow data connector to power the data it uses
		- It doesn't matter who is able to build things with protoflow, you will always be able to use it to get an edge in an existing market. You dumb down the tech so that all of your focus can be on what market requirements you need to operate in a space. If you need to be X compliant, focus on that, and keep the carrot on the stick for buyers by giving them a kick ass demo, effortlessly with protoflow and frontend components powered by your tech. You will be able to take business requirements as you discover what those are and turn them into functioning code.
- #logseq/course/notes
	- subject-predicate-object: lives-in:: Australia
- #stream/ideas/coding
	- Review go micro https://github.com/go-micro/go-micro
		- pay attention to coding style and other design choices
-