- grep.app search github really fast
	- quick github clone https://github.blog/2020-12-21-get-up-to-speed-with-partial-clone-and-shallow-clone/
- bsides CFP
	- Title: 101 Ways a Dependency Can Ruin Your Day
	- Elevator Pitch: Right now, you are hacked. Don't believe me? Then prove me wrong. Every day your developers are unknowingly authorizing external developers to have access to your internal infrastructure. This is happening through dependencies. Let's have a look at how you are hacked.
	- Description: Business requirements are built around the use of dependencies. Features are planned and shipped based on external developers working on projects in their free time. Over the years, developers have felt the pain of what happens when this fragile supply chain falls apart; usually by the hands of a single developer. All eyes are on this problem, but attempts to solve this problem are falling short when it comes to preventing these problems (looking at you SBOM). In this talk, we will be taking a trip down memory lane to remind ourselves how we got here in the first place. Digging into the technical details of notable dependency related events, we will illustrate the painfully mundane problems (ie. version hell) to the incredibly targeted attacks (ex. event-stream). Of course, we are not just here to fear monger. Our work has shown us ways that we can survive this ever growing threat, and steps everyone can take to protect themselves.
	- Notes: A year ago we wrote [a blog post](https://www.lunasec.io/docs/blog/log4j-zero-day/) about a vulnerability that went viral because it was providing clear, concise recommendations in an otherwise confusing time. The vulnerability being written about, of course, was log4shell. After countless phone calls from people with questions like: "Should I update from 2.15 to 2.16?" and "How can I tell if my fork lift is vulnerable?", it was clear that people need some real help. Over this past year, we have been diving deep into how we, a world built on code, have ended up with this problem. Having done our homework, we are confident we know how to build code that is more secure. This presentation is a snapshot into our learnings and something, we believe, should be talked about.
	- Take aways:
		- For the developers, we hope they will become driven to be proactive in thinking about dependencies the next time they sit down to code. They will have a mental rubric they can use to inquire about the code they are about to use. This is to help stop the bleeding.
		- For applying the bandage, we hope security managers/CISOs will be inspired to critically look at the tools they are using for supply chain security and ask the question of "Am I more secure by using this, or am I more compliant?"
	- https://pretalx.com/bsidessf2023/me/submissions/
- https://www.holopin.io/ badges for achievements
- https://github.com/wbkd/react-flow/issues/1979