---
title: "/ | inbox"
---

 - need to figure out how to represent multiple variations of recipes in a way that can be easily understood by human but also easily possible by a computer #cookwherever 
 - representing recipes as a graph or each note performs in action on some set of ingredients is conducive for comparing recipes but fails to represent the nuance of a particular action for example when rolling out dough do you want to make a note of the technique used for specifically dough as a relates to ruling #cookwherever
 - really kneeling down an in-depth look at American recipes and detailing them would help a lot of people and also demonstrates what the site is capable of #cookwherever 
 - Capture what prerequisites someone needs i.e. a basic pantry or a list of tools they should have #cookwherever 
 - need to figure out how to represent schemas for ingredients it is tricky to get this right because they're can be ingredients that have multiple names
- https://notes.vasuagrawal.com/2022/02/setting-up-a-blog-with-hugo-obsidian-and-cloudflare/ #notetaking
- https://nicolevanderhoeven.com/blog/20210518-how-i-use-obsidian-at-work/#consume-and-collect #notetaking 
- how can sifty integrate with Obsidian in a way that is needlessly complicated?
	- https://marcus.se.net/obsidian-plugin-docs/
	- https://keathmilligan.net/obsidian-plugin-cross-platform-testing
- how many leaves can you pick off a basil plant before they can't grow back?
- What if social media was reversed where the content producers had to "spend" to get the attention of their followers, and their followers allocated some amount of "attention" points to the producer.
- https://nights.bearblog.dev/how-to-stop-being-terminally-online/
- 

https://wdkwwdk.com/posts/the-copy-paste-outage/

people don't talk in fractions or numbers, they use words https://www.tysknews.com/Depts/Metrication/metric_land.htm
- https://learnmyog.com/
- how do you make intricate pastries?
https://www.graplsecurity.com/post/attacking-firecracker

- Cook Wherever: America
	- America is having an identity crisis. A powerful force on the world stage, but still very much a "startup" of a country. An ambitious youth that rebelled against its parents and left the house to make a difference in the world. The promise land for those around the world want better for themselves and their family.
	- The sole existence of the US was to fight tyranny. Decisions made by one person tend to not work out the best for everyone over time.
	- "We are going to build massive prisms in the dessert that will last longer the gods themselves" "Who is going to build them?" "The slaves of course!" 
	- 
	- American cooking is interesting. Rapid expansion and a tenacious work ethic from immigrants pouring into the US defined american cuisine. Fast food, across the world, is directly associated with the US. Meat was and is the main ingredient of choice for the busy family. Dense in calories, easily frozen, delicious when cooked, it is no surprise that this is the case. Being very easy to come by in the sprawling farms across the country, access to this food was easy. 
	- Health wise, there could be better ingredients you turn to when planning your meals long term. 
	- When I think of breakfast in the US, it is hard not to think about diners. Polished chrome, pastel green, blue, red, a family outing, a late night oasis for the lonely traveler. Diners perfectly capture the relationship between Americans and food. Large portions of potatoes, eggs, bacon, pancakes, coming out as quickly as you can say "2 stack with sausage". 
	- What has really interested me with cooking is the actual raw ingredients that come from the ground. Growing up drinking cherry "flavored" Capri sun from a plastic pouch, I LOVED these drinks. It was a privilege to have these in our lunch or at sports games. But, for some reason, I didn't like cherries themselves. They just didn't have any flavor and it was so much work to pit them. Who would eat these? Well, it turns out the cherry flavoring is really a chemical that was developed in a lab to replicate what a cherry AT ITS BEST tasted like. I had never seen a cherry tree before. I didn't grow up watching the small bulbs appear on the tree and over time turn into succulent deep dark red cherries. I didn't understand that fruit had a SEASON. A fleeting moment during the summer when a cherry was filled with sweet sugar bestowed upon it from the tree on which it grew. Taking the cherry too early, and there is no sugar, too late and they have fallen to the ground where the earth eats them up. But, there are cherries in supermarkets? Yes, but HOW DID THEY GET THERE. Most cherries in the US come from X. For them to be transported from there to Maryland where I lived would be X miles. From picking the cherries to them being bought by me and eaten, it probably would have been about 2 weeks.  Over that time, the cherries are losing their flavor to the natural chemical reactions that occur when you throw time at them. I would rather have the potent chemical cherry flavor over the vaguely cherry sacks of water, thank you. 
	- So why do people like cherries? Well, as I found out later in life, these people seek out farmers or more local farmers markets where the cherries have been picked the day before. All the flavor is still there. What the cherry flavor is based on, but couldn't hold a candle to, is in these freshly picked cherries. Plump skin that gives way and releases the complex flesh of sweet and sour is what a cherry should be. If you haven't experienced this in a cherry, you haven't had one yet. 
	- The US is INCREDILY good at making anything you could dream of available to you within an arms reach. The X from the USSR visited an Aldis in Texas and said that the head of the USSR doesn't even have this access to a variety of food. 
	- What supermarkets can't deliver  to you fresh, they have a well researched recipe that employs the latest in food science to make sure it can sit in a warehouse for weeks before it ends up on the shelve to be bought. Wheat is one of the most researched ingredients since bread is so integral to an American's diet. Additives preserve a loaf of bread far longer than a fresh load made of only flour, water, yeast, and salt ever could. Check the freezer isle next time you are in a grocery store, you might find some bread that comprises on covienience for the sake of simple ingredients.
	- When you can buy anything you could dream of, you don't question what it is. Unfortunately, when you don't have someone who is fighting for your taste buds, you are going to get the person who is fighting for more money. The person who is in it for money, is probably going to create a product that appeals to our primal senses, without a care for how healthy it is. Loading cookies with fat and sugar is an easy way to sell more cookies. No lemons? No problem, let's mix some mouth watering citric acid and way too much sugar and call it lemonade. People will buy it. 
	- Grocery stores have changed for me. I don't walk through every asile anymore. I have actually realized that the dazzling display of colors, logos, brands that make up the aisles are pretty overwhelming! That is a TON of information to process, let alone when you find what you are looking for and there are 20 different versions and brands to choose from. Grocery stores for me are a couple of aisles. They are the ones with the raw ingredients. Vegetables, fruit, butter, milk, eggs. Cereal aisle? Are you kidding me? Who thought an entire section devoted to a bowl of sugar was a good idea? Oh right, the people fighting for money. The chip, soda, candy aisles I go to once in a while if I want a snack. But wow! There are so many! And in such large quantities. 
	- I want to change what America is known for when it comes to food. I don't want to change what food we make, I love it (waiter, another cheese burger please). I want to change how we make it. What ingredients are we using? Where do they come from? Are there steps we can take while preparing the food that make it turn out 1% better? Can we take shortcuts without the expense of someone's health? Lets weaponize our powerful food distribution system to incentivize fresh, local produce that reduces the energy needed to have it delivered. If we harness the power of the community to put a demand on quality, we redirect the efforts of the people who are in it for money. The organic movement in grocery stores is a testimate to the power of consumer demand, however it isn't without its draw backs. Being labeled as "organic" is an expensive process that small local farms simply can't afford. 
	- I don't want to give you recipes in this book. There are so many out there, and some of them are probably better than the ones I have here. In fact, I don't even want you to follow the recipes from this book. I would rather you use the site I put together, but hey I totally get wanting to unplug from a screen and follow words on a page (I do all the time). What I want you to do with this book is glance at it from time to time. Read the table of contents, twice, and slap the book shut, put it on your shelf, and go about your day, month, year, life. I want you to order fast food, make pasta, go to a restaurant, order food from a food truck. And while you are doing this, be curious, be present. "Oh baby these bbq wings SLAP! But what did they put in here?" If you find yourself asking these questions, remember back to this book and the fact that there is a bbq wing recipe. If you are compelled to go back home and read the section on bbq wings, it will not disappoint. You may not learn how to replicate those wings EXACTLY, but you will learn how to make wings that SLAP, I guarantee it. Make them for yourself, your friends, your partner, your family, and see how they react. My mom had a saying when something turned out well: "restaurant quality". Every recipe in this book is "restaurant quality", and I give you a number of ways to achieve that. Are you in a pinch and need it done quickly? I'll show you how to make those eggs turn out the best they can without even thinking about it. 
	- You are going to make mistakes, that's ok. I tried my best to capture all the ways something can go wrong and how to recover. I love the idea of a "foolproof" recipe where there is very little room for something to get messed up. Checkpoints and observations you can make break up each step into a very straight forward process. Unfamiliar with a referenced technique? No problem, every special cooking technique is explained in detail. 
	- Being a teacher, I understand how important it is to address the different types of learning resources that people need. Sometimes you want to read, watch, or listen. Every recipe has (obviously) written directions, but also a video you can watch. If you follow the recipe in the app, the video is broken up into each step so you can watch it as many times as you need to.
	- 