- https://github.com/bramses/bramses-highly-opinionated-vault-2023
- hn post
	- i used to try to create obsidian workflows, but i found them very challenging to keep up. i used to think i wanted configuration for my note taking so I could capture all the ways I wanted to interact with the information i stored. Even though i initially rejected it, i have ended up embracing logseq and it’s seemingly odd way of working. I have grown to love the daily journal being front and center as I find it removes mental overhead when it comes to figuring out what to take notes about. I just put everything in there! I don’t think, i just take notes. When i store information, i write some contextual information to help me retrieve it the next time i look for it. When i search and can’t find it right away, i add more context to the note to help me find it faster next time. I think it works for me because i don’t like the pressure of writing a structured note, but when I do take the time to write, it’s because i am excited about it and I end up streaming my consciousness in an almost blog like post (as I am doing now, i love writing about note taking). I work at an OSS company so fortunately all my notes I publish online: [https://breadchris.com](https://breadchris.com/)and i find it so freaking liberating to be able to share my haphazard ideas with others lol.
	- having spent a decent amount of time looking at this stuff, my biggest recommendation is to try things out for a bit, and find habits that stick. I found a way to make note taking addicting, and other people i’ve got on the band wagon have found it addicting as well so I think logseq is a worthwhile thing to try out. I haven’t put it together yet, but I would like to put together the workflow (more like a mindset, less workflow) that I follow.
	- Good luck to those looking for a way that works for them for taking notes! I would love to hear about what people have tried, I have a lot of ideas to share.
- https://www.cisa.gov/cybergrants
-