- #sifty/ideas extract table of contents
	- use AI to extract TOC from some random data
	- TOC semantic search -> content
		- maybe preprocess content so that it is a summary
- #blog/ideas Pies are great
	- "A pie isn't a dessert, it is a way to get people to stay at the dinner table a little longer and exist in a stated, ethereal state for a moment around their loved ones."
	- You sent Today at 5:17 PM
	- "You might want to say 'I wish this moment would never end', refusing to return to the harsh reality of life. But you and everyone else at the table realize it is inevitable. You will have to pull out your chair and walk away from those few, blissful minutes."
	- You sent Today at 5:20 PM
	- "Maybe there is someone at that table who you not just gave beef to, but have beef with. Maybe it is over something insignificant like taking the last dinner roll. Maybe it has been a life time of feeling like they are taking something from you."
	- "What if you were challenged to trade in those moments of blissful ignorance for a stomach ache. Not one that comes from eating too much,, but from the one you get when you are telling someone the truth."
	- You sent Today at 5:26 PM
	- "If we are taught not to tell lies, and we are supposed to tell the truth to the ones we love, why is it so hard, in the moments that we feel we love someone the most to share how we feel?"
	- You sent Today at 5:28 PM
	- "It is simple, we are all scared. Scared of breaking that suspended moment into pieces with our thoughts and feelings. Scared of whether that person will accept our feelings. Will they reject me because of how I feel about something they have done?"
	- "Maybe, in this moment, built upon culinary excellence, there is someone who is brave enough to take on this challenge and imbue the social fabric of the table with their feelings."
	- You sent Today at 5:34 PM
	- "With all eyes on them, they cast themselves as the actor of a play, whose script they may have practiced in their head a thousand times, but have never shared in front of an audience."
	- "A bold, daring performance with an unknowing cast who is forced to either continue the scene or reject this actor and their aspirations of seeking reciprocation."
	- "Our fearless playwright can only hope that they are loved and cared for by those around them and in their cry for help, they will be acknowledged and accepted."
- https://247ctf.com #ctfg/ideas
- #ctfg logout button
	- turn session into a dependency that accepts http writer?
- #protoflow/ideas upload blob data with an http search to some destination
	- how is that possible?
- #sifty it seems that a lot of engineers like the idea of being able to record your voice and then have it searchable.
	- publishing your ideas let’s others mine them for their own ideas which results in better products. reading mtlynch’s blog let’s me mine insights about the way his company runs
	- free form editing
		- highlight text and “unlock” it from the timeline of audio
		- how fine grained can whisper get with timelines of words?
	- enrich content with adding images via search CC or stable diffiusion, hyperlinking to resources
		- highlight text, search, link
			- integrate search with notes
	- the podcast/blog post angle is interesting
		- good audio quality is important
		- SEO
	- could you also include video? It seems that requires a lot of processing power, benchmarking what ffmpeg can do would be helpful
	- integrate with logseq and obsidian
- #ctfg/ideas How does sveltekit work?
	- can you do SSR and then call into the ctfg api process?
	- can you embed the js server into the ctfg binary?
	- maybe the server renders the html with a “global state” variable that includes things like routes and pages
- #sifty a good blog post will link a number of other articles that are also most likely high signal.
	- can you use gpt to extract references and add them to your own mini internet that someone can search through?
	- configure how much to crawl through, deeper crawls will increase the “potential noise” as you venture further away from a reputable source
	- what projects exist that let you build your own internet?
	- join people’s internets together with your friends. if a link exists outside of your personal internet it will let you know you are venturing outside of your safe bubble.
	- reputation is based off of root domains?
		- simple chrome extension that looks at someone leaving a page
		- “You are browsing a site that X number of your friends also use”
	- import domains from existing communities
		- hackernews
		- subreddits
		- chat rooms
	- see people’s notes about a page
		- Show me notes that X has taken about breadchris.com
	- getsifty.com (sifty.app?) has a search box which lets you search through saved pages
		- differentiate between saved pages and crawled pages
			- search through different “piles”
		- feels like graphdb
	- A particular url has associated reputation based on how others have interacted with it. For example, hackernews has a lot of links, both in the main feed and comments. Based on if the post was a link or if it is in the comments has different reputation. A notable author on hackernews who links a link in the comments will impart their reputation on that link. By simply linking the author to that link and saying it appeared  at depth X in the comments and letting a searcher configure their own idea of what reputation is seems like a good compromise.
	- Being able to see a timeline of a personal internet would be cool.
- #programming/ideas Code Bricks
	- If you view code as a brick, you are forced to think about composition as opposed to other design patterns like OOP.   Who inherits from a brick? You stack bricks, you can move bricks around when you need to. You can make big bricks or small bricks, and they will all stack the same.
- #blog Make a mailing list? take my past weeks notes, summarize them, edit them with images/videos and send as mailing list from chris@breadchris.com
- #ml/search composite indexing is needed in order to do large semantic search, but how large?
	- start with unstructured text
	- as you understand what it is people want to get from a knowledge base, extract the relevant data and search through structured data first before going through the more grab bag of information
- #lunasec/work How can semgrep be integrated into what we have done?
	- Dependency tree of code
	- take library names and search for them in code and print out usages
		- what happens if a package’s import name is different than the name of the package? ehm python
	- for every code location, enumerate the vulnerabilities that affect that location
	- sort the results based on importance
		- location
			- transitive?
			- tests?
			- examples?
			- client?
			- server?
		- CWE
			- Code injection?
			- redos?
		- CVSS
		- EPSS
			- top percentile?
	- demo
		- clone popular github projects and rank all the vulnerabilities discovered
	- snyk parse package tree
		- more interesting than practical
	- package visualizer
	- AI chat bot to talk about the vulnerabilities, including reasons, based on the vulnerability type, why it would or would not apply
- #life #blog Turing your Smartphone into a Dumbphone
	- remove all previews
	- selectively turn on notifications
		- certain comms
		- no notification bubbles when possible
	- delete apps with extreme prejudice
	- black and white screen baby, you will be surprised how fast you will adjust, you can always turn it back on when you need to, create a shortcut to toggle
	- put productivity apps in your home row
	-
- #life/sayings Bump elbows, give hugs
- #notetaking/feedback Given a list of items, let people be able to give feedback and vote for which ideas they like, let someone be able to filter list (default to ranking by number of votes)
- recording everything you say
	- hooking up a house with a bunch of mics
	- search everything your family has ever said
- #protoflow/ideas p2p val.town
	- run your own javascript and other people’s in your browser, earn points for running it
	- sandboxed iframe that doesn’t have access to anything, gets sent javascript to run, returns from executing
- #protoflow/ideas build local first mobile apps effortlessly, do cool things with your friends
- #protoflow/ideas #blog Start with a static site
	- Ok, there is just simply way too much shit that you have to learn to host a freaking website . Let’s make that easier.
	- Start with Markdown and hugo.  Markdown is trivial to learn and making a website is instant. Hugo is a single binary you download, run and boom there is your website. A number of themes are available for you to check out and play with, but they aren’t necessary to start out.
	- If you want to have more control over how things are formatted and roughly look, html will be the next step of learning. By itself, it will be relatively limited, but you can get pretty far with including a simple css style sheet like this one.
	- If you want to move things around on the page, make them bigger/smaller, red/blue. You are going to need to learn CSS. As you learn more about CSS, you should consider playing with css libraries like bootstrap or tailwindcss which will greatly scale up your abilities as you try to do more complicated and coordinated visual things.
	- When you want things on the page to move around things, you are going to want to learn Javascript. There is a lot that you can do with javascript. Understanding that a webpage is a tree of nested objects with names and identifiers will be important to spend time on. The internet will try to convince you that you need to know React, Angular, Vue, but you just don’t need it right now. These are javascript frameworks that really let you do some crazy things, but stay simple as long as you can. Once you find yourself needing to model a bunch of data on a page, I would recommending learning the javascript framework Svelte. Of all the frameworks, it is, in my opinion, the closest framework to the knowledge you already know about html, css, javascript.
	- If you have learned about html, css, and javascript, you are probably already building some cool things. You can still run the same hugo command and generate your website and not needing to think about much. But maybe you want to store data so it doesn’t go away when you refresh the page. If this is the case, you are going to want to build a backend. A backend is complimentary to your frontend as it runs as its own process and listens for requests your frontend sends to it. If you took my advice and learned Svelte, they have a super easy way to build a backend called SvelteKit. If you went with React, there is the great option of NextJS. If you haven’t learned either of these, you will probably want to learn about express and how to build REST api endpoints.
	- If you are feeling pretty good about all of this, then you are well on your way for some serious application development. These are the things that every application developer does every day at their company and you have your own foothold into this whole market. You are super valuable as a result. Look at all the things you know! You must have spent a ton of time looking at the internet for help on building these things and someone will pay for that. Good luck out there!
- #protoflow/ideas **19:23** [[quick capture]]:  https://github.com/batchcorp/plumber stream swiss army knife
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLVjSeusPYg jonathan blow