- **09:01** [[quick capture]]:  https://www.amazon.com/Design-Patterns-Elements-Reusable-Object-Oriented/dp/0201633612
- **13:44** [[quick capture]]:  https://ctf-wiki.org/web/xss/
- #lunasec/work
	- separated out PR so they can be landed individually
	- write slackfx to be able to write slack bot
		- https://github.com/slack-go/slack
		- https://api.slack.com/methods/conversations.history#response
		- https://github.com/slack-go/slack/blob/a735199802234354d25d21a5857eaaaf6b3eb1f5/conversation.go#L637
	- mock out chatgpt slackbot
	- handle slack messages and threads
- #ctfg/work
	- hook up flags from chalgen to ctfg
		- should be able to just call directly into RPC endpoint with admin creds
		- bonus points if calling with grpc
- #cookwherever/food
	- “A majority of the Supreme Court decided that tomatoes were “usually served at a dinner in, with, or after the soup, fish, or meat, which constitute the principal part of the repast, and not, like fruits, generally as dessert.” Ergo tomatoes were vegetables, and the importer had to pay.”
	- LATER Excerpt From
	  On food and cooking: the science and lore of the kitchen
	  Harold McGee
	  https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewBook?id=0
	  This material may be protected by copyright.
- #blog/ideas Death by Libraries
	- I don’t know about you, but I love when I find a new library that I can easily play with. When I say “play with” I mean a library that I can download and immediately run a function I am interested in seeing the output from. If the stars are aligned, the relationship goes beyond this meetcute moment of discovery, maybe I get to actually use it in an actual project.
	- The library that I am playing around with is doing something for me, it is abstracting away some code that I would otherwise have to write. Theoretically this saves me time since I don’t have to write the code myself. For a library to truly abstract away a problem, there is a lot of work that has to go into it.
		- Actually writing the code that solves the fundamental problem
		- addressing edge cases that might be relevant
		- Providing escape hatches to be flexible for someone’s specific needs
		- Tests
		- CI/CD (blessed are the projects that don’t have this)
		- Communicating usage through types, comments, docs, wiki, etc.
		- If the library isn’t just fulfilling an existing spec, but a more nuanced problem, an active community is probably needed to incrementally rid the code of bugs or guide the development through this unknown problem space.
	- If a project is executing on all of these things, _maybe_ someone can rely on this to solve their problem.
	- Someone told me once that building a button that does one thing really well is one of the hardest things you can do in programming. Think of all the buttons you click on in any given day? You instantly notice when the action that the button performs causes the site/program to hang. Did the action actually complete successfully? What happens when the server the action runs on fails? What is our poor button to do about that? The intersection of UX and code is very difficult. You are simultaneously a teacher and a programmer. It is often too tempting to take on the world with what your “button” is capable of doing.
	- The libraries we use can do a great job of showing us how shiny they are with a nice docs page with a cute mascot, but will the library hold up to the bitter reality of terabytes of data passing through it? It is often hard to tell unless you have terabytes of data ready to be used against it or if your language of choice makes it easy to benchmark performance.
	- > Good thing I don’t need terabytes to pass through my react component Chris. My `react-bootstrap-github-fork-me-banner` library i’m using just needs to sit on my site, when would I ever not use this? It is a simple, perfect library!
	- So you are using Bootstrap today? What if you start using Tailwind tomorrow? Or Bulma tomorrow? Is that banner going to still work for you?
	- > I don’t need it to! I will find another library or build my own! It is so simple!
	- Ah! But is it? Take another look at that checklist I made, are developers making these simple libraries all following these best practices? How embarrassing would it be to have your github fork me banner be the reason for an outage?
	- > Another approach to abstractions is the AHA principle. AHA stands for *avoid hasty abstractions*, described by [Kent C. Dodds](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kent_C._Dodds&action=edit&redlink=1) as optimizing for change first, and avoiding premature optimization.[[9]](file:///var/containers/Bundle/Application/B56422FC-2062-4381-A484-66591D30C232/Omnivore.app/OmnivoreKit_Views.bundle/#cite_note-AHA_Programming-9) and was influenced by [Sandi Metz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandi_Metz)'s "prefer duplication over the wrong abstraction".[[10]](file:///var/containers/Bundle/Application/B56422FC-2062-4381-A484-66591D30C232/Omnivore.app/OmnivoreKit_Views.bundle/#cite_note-The_Wrong_Abstraction-10)
	- Abstraction is a tool, not a solution. It has a specific purpose and used in the wrong way will unearth it’s hidden cost down the line. The best defense you have against this is to “think simple but have foresight”. The simplest thing to do right now might be to npm install a package, but do you want to have that package lying around? Can you just copy the few lines of code that were used to write that library? If you insist on using the library, document it’s usage in code. It is the least you can do for the poor soul that has to hunt down a dependency conflict a year from now in this obscure library.
- [[lunasec/work]] chatbot should let you include arbitrary sources of data (vulns, packages, etc.)
	- “index my slack/discord”
	- “index my github”
	- “index google drive”
	- “index sub-reddit”
- #protoflow/ideas what does a minimally supported language look like?
	- dev environment set up
		- types?
		- protobuf server/client
		- config loading
			- env vars
				- secrets
				- normal values
		- dependency injection?
		- folder structure
			- language
				- services
					- user
				- dependencies
					- db
					- config
					- fs?
						- temporary directory
						- shared/persistent directory
		- service -> cli generator?
	- sql connection
		- how are migrations handled?
		- protobuf/json results -> database MVP
	- json -> protobuf type inference
	- memoize option input proto -> output
	- user auth?
		- simple auth provider with sessions
		- ory?
- #protoflow/ideas “marketplace”
	- discoverability
		- index github repos and parse protobufs
	- block manager
		- how do different blocks get included
			- reference block by path in repo?
	- make money running blocks
		- ethereum gas concept?
		- rate limiting might be easiest?
			- owner of block pays for resource usage
			- caller pays owner for block access
	- block documentation
		- select actual invocations and annotate them
		- example block connections
			- “this block is useful for X” generated by gpt?
		- is there existing protobuf docs system?
- [[life/observations]] #blog/ideas A Sustainable Thinker always Wins
	- Now, before I let you read the rest of this, I have to add a disclaimer. There is a very distinct possibility you will experience huge “pretentious” vibes from my phrasing/pacing of ideas. Unfortunately writing about philosophy be like that. Stay tuned while I upgrade my written voice to be more relatable.
	- You can think about a lot of different things all the time. Think about too many things and this becomes a serious problem, especially for those who have ADD. If you have a problem focusing on which idea to pursue, it is easy to develop a sense of feeling lost. It can fee like you aren’t actually doing anything. Life is happening, ideas come and go, but there is nothing for you to show.
	- I am not an expert in this field of study, but I do pay attention to what constitutes a “great thinker”. Or maybe a better term for the people I am thinking about is a “sustainable thinker”.
	- A sustainable thinker is one who has, above everything else, patience. An idea will come and go, and it will not phase them. Instead, they take note of it. Often times a physical note, in a place that they frequently take their notes. There is organization to the way they take in information. Over time, these observations grow, connections are formed between fresh observations and older observations. Higher level concepts are synthesized. It becomes effortless to understand an entire domain of information. But it doesn’t stop there. To them this actually might be the beginning of what they consider “having an idea”. They take their hypothesis wherever they go they go and test. To the best of their ability, try to find data to suggest what they believe isn’t true.
	- A sustainable thinker reads. Often times long form text like books or insightful blogs. There is a purpose to how and what they read. But a very important point here is that these people are not machines that solely exist to consume well thought out content day in/day out. No, these are still humans who enjoy memes and bingeing mindless TV. See, a patient thinker understands the bigger picture. They are human on a planet of humans. Not everyone is like them, and so everyone has something to share. Being able to interact with actual humans through colloquial phrases and honest emotional communication is vital. Honoring the give and take of time and energy that comes with existing is paramount to a sustainable thinker.
	- I try to align myself with the patient thinkers I am fortunate enough to interact with. I find it an immense privilege to be able to ask questions of these people. It makes me feel rewarded to be able to provide well researched insight of my own to my peers.
	- I probably still have too many threads of thought I pull at every day, but I think I am on to something. I kind of have this master plan for what I am working on, but I also realize it will take time. I need to be patient and continue to be present and honest with myself. Through this practice, I have felt immensely rewarded even for doing the smallest of things, like writing a single note for a given day.
	- Regardless if you are or strive to be a sustainable thinker, I wish you all the best on your journey 🙏
- #blog/ideas Projects
	- I have crippling anxiety when it comes to ideas. It is hard to see something to completion. I distinctly remember a friend in college telling me “you half-ass everything”. They probably could phrased it better, but man, were they right? I realized that I thought about way too many things all the time. I wanted to be someone who was known for something, but what? Years later I found myself doing security research on the Bluetooth protocol, every day hoping this was the thing I would be known for. Unable to find what I was looking for, I felt useless. I couldn’t write about what I was doing because it didn’t feel like enough. I wasn’t enough. Months went by after I stopped the project, and I told myself “ok, maybe a
- **19:03** [[quick capture]]:  https://coutant.org/contents.html microphones #streaming/setup
- **19:21** [[quick capture]]:  https://rust-unofficial.github.io/too-many-lists/ #programming/learning
-