
Ory summit talk

### Security for your web app that just works
It is often confusing what is required to make your web application "secure". CORS, sessions, encryption, authorization are just some of the considerations that are needed to truly have a "secure" system. When you are dealing with sensitive data, this is requirement to bring your product to market. When designing such a system, it is imperative that it does not introduce significant friction to a developer. Getting in the way of feature development will always result in work-arounds and bypasses; or even worse, attrition. Considering these constraints, LunaDefend was designed to drop in to existing applications and provide a completely protected environment for a company's most sensitive data. 

 LunaDefend leverages security best practices without imposing their well known shortcomings to developers. Bootstrapping trust from an auth provider like Ory Kratos and segmenting access to data with Ory Oathkeeper, LunaDefend can create trusted contexts in which sensitive data can be stored and/or processed. Secure LunaDefend components can be seamlessly incorporated into an existing application's frontend and backend to proactively prevent the most common vulnerabilities that plague web applications.

### 101 ways a dependency can ruin your day
Development is not what it was. Software developers do not practice waterfall development and deliver a single binary annually to their customers. Code releases happen everyday and the expectations of the consumers of code continue to grow. To keep up with the demand, developers tap into the vast network of code that is freely available online without a second thought. Development for the sake of meeting deadlines eclipses the dark side of including others' code. Breaking changes, security vulnerabilities, and even political statements are common occurrences in package ecosystems, but their effects grow more and more devastating. A sobering example of this in recent history being Log4Shell, Most companies are built on open source, but treat this code as a black box that generates value. In this talk we will be prying open this box and analyzing both the actual and theoretical ways included dependencies can wake up your on call.

Breaking changes, security vulnerabilities, and even political statements are common occurrences in package ecosystems, but their effects grow more and more devastating the larger these networks grow. Some sobering examples of this being Log4Shell and Faker.js. These days, almost all companies are built on Open Source ecosystems like Maven or NPM, but their developers treat them like black boxes. While these dependencies generate value for them, they’re also inviting trouble.

In this talk we will be analyzing both the real-world and theoretical ways that dependencies can wreck your day.

Chris has been a programmer by day and a hacker at night for the past decade. While at New York University, he ran the international collegiate CTF competition CSAW which propelled him into a career of cyber security. As a security engineer at Uber, Chris created the mobile security module which blocked millions of dollars in fraudulent trips in addition to working on the application security team to implement security best practices at scale. In pursuit of a better status quo for security teams, Chris joined LunaSec, a startup to bridge the gap between security and development teams by providing meaningful, secure by default products.