- [[linux/bluetooth]] airpods
	- ```
	  ➜  ~ rfkill list all
	  0: tpacpi_bluetooth_sw: Bluetooth
	  	Soft blocked: yes
	  	Hard blocked: no
	  2: phy0: Wireless LAN
	  	Soft blocked: no
	  	Hard blocked: no
	  ➜  ~ sudo rfkill unblock bluetooth
	  ➜  ~ rfkill list all              
	  0: tpacpi_bluetooth_sw: Bluetooth
	  	Soft blocked: no
	  	Hard blocked: no
	  2: phy0: Wireless LAN
	  	Soft blocked: no
	  	Hard blocked: no
	  3: hci0: Bluetooth
	  	Soft blocked: no
	  	Hard blocked: no
	  [bluetooth]# connect 38:EC:0D:D6:8F:6D
	  ```
- [[stream/ideas]]
	- show people how to use logseq
		- play around with a journal
		- hashtag vs pages
		- backrefs
		- presentations -> really cool!
		- setting up sync
			- git
			- logseq sync
		- publishing notes to github pages
			- logseq publish
			- hugo schrodinger
- [[gloving/gloves]] https://glofx.com/product/glofx-lzr-laser-gloves-multi-color/
- [[gloving/videos]] https://youtu.be/hADGQaecxRA?t=34
- [[gloving/gloves]] https://www.emazinglights.com/products/elite-4-0-casing
- im really interested in driving down the complexity of using kubernetes because I think it is the most significant advancement in deployment in the past decade, but people are scared to approach it because of its complexity. there is actually a really interesting story there too, the team that made kubernetes used to work at docker, but they had a vision and it didnt align with docker so they left (i think). Docker tried to make docker swarm happen, but dropped the ball, kubes is obviously what it is today, but is not intuitive like docker-compose is. So we now have this rift between docker local dev experience, and kubernetes deployment magic, and kompose is trying to bridge that gap, and does so pretty damn well imo. What is nice is that it generates a helm chart for you so when you want to eject, you just stop using kompose and you have all your kubes resources. #protoflow
- [[protoflow/disrupt stack]] zero to series A stack questions
	- frontend
		- web component library
			- examples
			- typescript
		- routing
			- react router
		- analytics
		- experiments?
	- backend
		- API
			- graphql?
				- wundergraph
					- does wundergraph have auth?
				- hasura?
				- postgraphile?
			- rpc?
				- wasp?
				- blitzjs?
		- async/large jobs
			- [[protoflow/demo]]
		- logging
			- datadog?
		- metrics
			- datadog?
		- experiments?
	- CI
		- github workflows
		- testing
			- docker compose integration test
	- CD
		- kompose
		- kubes
			- ssl
				- lets encrypt CRD
			- ghcr
- [[cookwherever/pantry]]
	- buy ingredients in bulk
	- create themed pantry boxes which repackages ingredients and distributes them
	- buy a pantry box and get it shipped to you
	- include some baked goods?
	- collaborate with content creators
- [[life/sayings]]
	- make the world one you want to live in. first accept the world as it is, and then use its rules to your advantage. people generally want to live in a better world, but they might not see what you see. you are an artist that sees the statue in the marbel
	- celebrate your local artists; painters, sculptors, skateboarders, weight lifters, impactful community members, a grocery clerk who packs bags especially well, hair stylist, someone who has spent time on their hair. artists are people who care about their world long enough to conceptualize an idea and manifest it.
	- we don’t need to grow any faster than we are in technology. we need to slow down and refactor what we have. people are being forgotten about, we are bursting out of our seams trying to build the future. what is the cost?
	- every time you start a conversation with someone, you only have 3 seconds. you either capture their attention, or they are thinking about what they want for lunch and are nodding politely.
- how often to bikes get stolen in seattle? what happens to them when they are stolen? what is the status of bike lanes? bike racks?
- why is it no easier to share the contact on my phone? what’s up with that?
	- qr code on home screen
	- links to updated contact
	- download vcard
- [[sifty]] save any information, get a link to it
- [[protoflow/deployment]]
	- docker-compose for development
	- kubes for deployment
	- can pulumi create a kube cluster in a cloud provider?
- [[bowling alone]]
	- younger people are used to change, they have grown up with constant change
- [[ctfg/ideas]] action generator
	- cli tool that takes protobuf and generates a hasura action and generates go code
- [[protoflow/development]] dependencies
	- have a universal dependency manager that makes its own decisions on how dependencies are managed (protoflow add axios) this will add the dependency to the closest lockfile.
- [[ctfg/ideas]] mobile hacking
	- an intentionally vulnerable app that lets challenge creators deploy challenges to people’s phones.
		- probably want to buy burner phones
		- you can setup network to connect to and pivot
	- languages
		- react native
		- objc/swift
		- java/kotlin/c/c++
	- cheap android phones that are performant enough to use
	- cheap cell plan
		- make calls?
		- gps
- [[ctfg/ideas]] network hacking
	- intentionally vulnerable network that you need to pivot through
	- you need to physically be in proximity to router to pop it and pivot to the flags along the way
	- need to find routers you can easily flash with wrt
	- plan out your network, label routers with stickers, flash them with generated firmware config, set them up, distribute credentials
	- put routers on table to visually represent how they look
		- make a mock office space with tape on the ground to simulate a physical environment
		- put up tin foil to impose a challenge to pivoting
- [[ctfg/ideas]] can we get a real judge to approve affidavits?
- [[ctfg/funding/grants]] how do you apply for grants?
- [[ctfg/ideas]] participation levels
	- expert
		- plays for points
		- challenges are sufficiently hard to keep people preoccupied the whole competition
		- wants to do something novel
		- scoreboard
			- all teams competing
	- intermediate
		- plays for improvement
		- has played before
		- maybe skilled in a category
		- probably benefits from released hints over time
		- involved in the community
		- wants things to be familiar, but challenging
		- scoreboard
			- configurable scope of teams to “go up against”
	- beginner
		- needs hand holding of what a ctf is
		- lots of documentation
		- basically needs to play a matching game of what they see to a tool
		- needs hacking environment set up
		- scoreboard
			- should make them feel connected to the competition but not intimidated