- #protoflow/work
	- working on custom blocks getting the types of the blocks they are connected to
	- when generating code, there should be a button that you press
	- it seems that I keep wanting to include micro functionality in protoflow by means of dropping a button in the UI to make something happen, but because of the steps involved I am less inclined to do it.
	- Generating of type information should be something that you can do for a specific function. It gets tricky to do this because you will have to parse the protobuf file that it belongs to. Not impossible, but just more work.
	- need to break out grpc services from each other in the language service resource so that you can update the code
	- check to see if resources are online and give an indication of what will not work if they are not online
	- need to make slices of the workflow so that when you are looking at resulting workflow executions, you are just looking at what code has run
	- I ran into a problem where I want the non serialized protobuf types but the node type info that i was getting was the serialized stuff. I need to be able to get the un-serialized type over to the code that i need, but that is going to require reworking the way the types are stored. not a big deal, but just annoying, this will end my rant on the matter
	- I want to set the input and output types for a function that is used in the language service. To do this, i need to understand what the parent and child types are, and then print them to the proto file
	- need to separate the idea of "inferring" for functions so that the proto can be written, and then "gathering" type information based on the actual type that is being used.
- edited stream {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiVfIg8YKn0&ab_channel=breadchris}} to include timestamps
	- timestamps def help discoverability
- #blog
-