- https://gist.github.com/dbieber/98f909640773b5b0a0fe5696da369a1b [[python/snippets]] edit audio files to cut out silence
- https://github.com/highlight/highlight open source logging framework
- #cookwherever/data https://eggspensive.net egg prices across the US
- better long form writing with graph https://jotte.ai/#
- [[cookwherever/ideas]] What goes into cooking?
	- Planning
		- Hunger
			- If you are thinking about cooking, more often than not you are hungry. What you are capable of doing diminishes quickly until you are left with being completely incapacitated and find yourself ordering out for the 10th time this week.
			- Help yourself, eat a freaking snack. My girlfriend is worried that eating a snack will prevent her from being hungry, but  I am yet to see a snack stop her from attacking the food I serve.
			- I like to go for snacks that are primarily carbohydrates with some fats mixed in. Our bodies break down carbs quickly into energy, which is much needed when you are trying to summon every ounce of energy you have
			- Types of Snacks
				- Cheese
				- Nuts
				- Fruit
				- Chips
				- Dark Chocolate
		- What to cook
			- Specific Recipe
				- Determining what new restaurant to go to is difficult, determining what adventurous food to have delivered to your door is somehow even more challenging sometimes? Need less to say, choosing what nee recipe to make can be almost impossible. “Go to” recipes are life savers. The tried and true are not just convenient, they are also always delicious and unless you are having it every day of the week, you could probably not just eat it for dinner, but also as the following day’s lunch as leftovers.
				- Depending on what you are in the mood for, the recipes you can choose are limited by various factors such as what season you are in, what ingredients you have, what you can easily purchase.
				- When are you choosing a recipe?
					- Right before cooking
						- Something simple
							- Few ingredients
							- Fast
							- Maybe a go to
					- Time to go to the grocery store
			- Recipe Blueprint
				- When you can cook by understanding generally how a recipe works, the world becomes your oyster. Understanding what it is that makes a type of recipe significant is a sandbox for you to play with tastes and textures.
		- Acquiring ingredients
			- General Grocery shopping
			- Specific Sourcing
				- I love farmers markets. If you have them in your area go to them. Talk to the people selling you their food. Ask them what they like to make with what they have, you will probably get a lot of interesting ideas that are going to be pretty fool proof since the ingredients you are using are probably top notch because someone has specifically cared for making them and are staking their individual reputation behind them.
				- If you eat meat, go to a butcher.
			- Storing Ingredients
				- Refrigerator
				- Pantry
				- Cooking Area
					- Squeeze bottles
						- dressings
							- The dressing can’t have any chunks that will get stuck in the tip
						- oils
						- common liquid flavorings
	- Prepping
	  collapsed:: true
		- Collecting Ingredients
		- Mise En Place
		  collapsed:: true
			- What the hell does this translate to again? I think it’s something like “everything in its place”. It is something that I almost never see people do when they are cooking for themselves but always see on cooking shows or seeing chef stations at restaurants.
			- What this term means is that you are taking all the ingredients the recipe calls for
			- The thing is, this takes time and it is not clear when this will actually end up saving you time. I would argue that for most recipes it will save you time because it is work that you have to do anyways, you just do it all up front. This most certainly saves time on a cooking show since you don’t see the chef taking out ingredients or performing the sometimes time consuming process of preparing them. It can look like magic how effortlessly they can cook. It is essential for a restaurant so that there is even less thinking when a menu item is requested and the kitchen needs to quickly make and serve it.
			- Using this method will generally make more dishes for you. If you read my ((63f6ca0a-4904-4b27-9d29-25f04e250bd7)) section, i talk about cheap plastic contains I use. These are perfect for mise en place since you will have a bunch of equally sized containers. When you are finished with them they can easily be stacked to get out of your way as well as easily cleaned.
		- Measuring
		  collapsed:: true
			- Volume
			- Mass
			  collapsed:: true
				- Baking
			- Sight
			  collapsed:: true
				- Mentally store what “1 tsp” looks like
			- Feeling
			  collapsed:: true
				- I like the taste of garlic so I am going to add “a lot”
				- If you don’t know what happens to ingredients as they are transformed by the recipe, you might get something inedible. Baking ratios are important, understanding the science, or functional purpose of an ingredient, is critical to be able to go on feeling.
				- A flavoring such as vinegar, lemon juice, or if you ask Julia Child, butter will almost always be ok to add more.
	- Cooking
	  collapsed:: true
		- Following directions
		- Using Senses
		  collapsed:: true
			- If you smell burning, take what you are cooking off heat. I don’t care about what your timer says, you know what you are making  is burning because your nose is telling you. No one wants to taste burnt bits. (there are exceptions to this, but you probably know what you are doing so don’t “um actually” me here). My point is that our noses are wired to our brains which help tell us things. Even if we plugged our nose, for some reason, we can always use your eyes to see if what we are making is turning black.
			- Taste
			  collapsed:: true
				- Use your taste while cooking. Have a set of small spoons near you while you cook. Be careful not to eat anything raw, but it being such small amounts of food you are tasting, odds of you getting deathly sick from a small taste are very low.
				- What does your food taste like as you cook it? Seriously ask yourself. Does it taste bland? Does it taste good? As you cook you should become intimate with what you are cooking. You will learn more than you can imagine. If you can mentally store what each step of a recipe is going to taste like, opportunities to substitute on a whim start to seem possible.
	- Eating
	  collapsed:: true
		- I am not going to tell you how to eat. I don’t think there is a right way to eat. I could recant what I learned from etiquette class but i don’t see a point. I believe that if you have worked on making food yourself, you get to eat the way you want to. I will just as happily put a napkin in my lap and slowly cut my food into tiny pieces as I will slurp down some street food drunk off my ass in the middle of the night in NYC. Also, I also feel there is this inexplicable feeling that certain foods almost demand to be eaten in the ways they were intended to? I am not going to want to grab an entire dry-aged porterhouse steak with my bare hands but a pizza will beg you to grab it. And yes, if you eat pizza with a fork and knife, god still loves you.
		- Now on the other hand, if you are at someone else’s table, you _always_ eat the way they expect you to eat. Being allowed to sit and eat at someone’s table is a privilege and you must respect this. If you don’t know what to do, ask. Watch how others behave and follow suit.
	- Cleaning
	  collapsed:: true
		- Storing Leftovers
		  collapsed:: true
			- Storage Containers
			  id:: 63f6ca0a-4904-4b27-9d29-25f04e250bd7
			  collapsed:: true
				- Get storage contains of various sizes, but for the love of god, have them fit into each other. I hate the amalgamation of plastic and glass that is my food storage drawer. I do my best to stack and organize it, but the laws of nature dictate that it will not stay that way. I don’t care how many infomercials you have watched about the latest and greatest food storage system that finally solves this age old problem, it won’t.
				- The jury is still out for me for what the ideal food storage containers are, but the top contenders are the cheap plastic cylinder containers that you might get soup in from a restaurant or sometimes you might see them in a grocery store for some locally made ingredient. I like these because:
				  collapsed:: true
					- They are cheap. I don’t feel bad about them getting damaged or giving them away to friends after a dinner party.
					- Surprisingly durable. I can reuse mine for a long time before they eventually get warped from the dishwasher.
				- If you are worried about micro plastics, then I would recommend glass pyrex. I like the rectangular ones to maximize space in my refrigerator. The circular ones barely hold anything.
				- Mason jars are a must. Even if you don’t intend on canning, they are perfect for home made condiments or other foods. I always have a jars of mayo, yogurt, whipped cream, caramel, pickled onions, among other things in my fridge. You do not need these, but I find they compliment my cheap plastic containers as a higher quality container that has a tight seal and can withstand high heat (they are designed to be boiling water used during the canning process). They sell mason jars in different ounce measurements. 32, 16, 8oz? I think? Will need to check that. They also sell some massive ones which I guess are for some pretty large pickles. You can actually get some “free” mason jars if you don’t want to spend extra. IMPORTANT NOTE about mason jars. If you are buying the jars, do not get the ones with the neck that gets smaller. Always get the ones with larger mouths. They even sell the smaller ones with larger mouths. They are easier to clean, easier to scoop things out of, I make mayo and whipped cream by directly putting the ingredients in the container and using the immersion blender to make them and with a lid, and no dishes, they go right into my fridge. Small necked jars will crack when you put them in the freezer if there is enough water to expand. I have still not found a reason for the small neck’s existence 🤷‍♂️
		- Washing dishes
		  collapsed:: true
			- Wash
			  collapsed:: true
				- Sink
				- Dishwasher
			- Dry
			- Put away
- [[cookwherever/rules]] Rules in my kitchen
	- Always have rice
	- Make your own mayo at least once.
	  collapsed:: true
		- The flavor gods will bless you. Just trust me.
		- Depending on what equipment you have, it is best with an immersion blender, good with a blender, still good when whisked by hand. The main difference is that the “lightness” of the mayo will be different.
	- Dishes always have their place, but the place they go should stay the same and be incredibly obvious
	  collapsed:: true
		- I haven’t quite gotten to the point where I am labeling parts of my kitchen, but it is not a bad idea. Not knowing where the things you need are in a kitchen is CRIPPLING when cooking as well as when you or others are needing to guess where to put away dishes. If anyone you share the kitchen with has a problem with object permanence, you might as well blind fold them and tell them to do the dishes.
		- I grew up in a house where my mom had OCD. I don’t know if she was ever officially diagnosed, but it was most definitely OCD. Every other week, it seemed, the entire kitchen would go through an entire reorganization in the name of it being “more efficient”. There was always a “system” being built or replaced. If anyone has experienced something similar, then you will know how annoying it is to expect to see utensils only to find spatulas are there today and it has become a hunt through kitchen drawers to locate where those damn utensils ended up.
	- When you are near the sink, wash or put away at least one dish
	  collapsed:: true
		- Being in the mindset of doing something incredibly simple helps you always be making progress in the cleaning process. I hate cleaning but I have found that if i commit to doing at least one thing, I put myself in a position to possibly
- #blog
- https://joyofcode.xyz/svelte-for-react-developers svelte for react developers