- https://github.com/ellie/atuin #shell/tools sqlite terminal search history
- #internet/toys https://integer.exposed/#0x0000000000000140 play with numbers and bits
	- https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/04/19/new-playground-integer-exposed/
- #blog/ideas How I Want to Interact with Information
	- OK, can we be real for a second. What the fuck is up with chat apps? Why are there so many? Why does everyone want their own?
	- > Hey, can I get your Messenger?
	- > Sorry, I am only on Discord, Telegram, Insta, Linkedin, Snap, BeReal, ...
	- I get it. Everyone has their preferences. FOMO rules supreme; its iron fist clasped securely around the user and how they see the world.
	- My neck beard is going to grow a bit on this one, but does anyone remember IRC?
	- Chat apps are amazing. The scale that they operate at and with the expectation of being able to distribute rich media? Insane.
	- The thing that always kills my inner hacker, is when I look at the API docs for these services. Oauth scopes, API keys, the fire hoops you need to dash through while chanting a Satanic verse so that you can simply write a bot that says "hello" to your friends makes my stomach churn to think about.
	- Having taught computer science to high schoolers for some time now, I think I have arrived at the conclusion that a chat bot might just be the quintessential programming project. This observation has been further solidified by the dawn of AI.
- #blog/ideas The Shortcomings of CTFs
	- Challenges do not teach general computing skills
	- Challenges do not emulate actual problems that you will run into in the real world. Most of the worlds computers are windows.