- #notetaking/ideas #blog/ideas Why I use logseq
	- i’ve used almost every note taking app available, aside from notion, that came out after i started using obsidian. i used to use obsidian frequently, but logseq has consumed me like wild fire. Logseq feels restrictive in the right way. I initially dismissed it because my roommate was using it and i didn’t like how everything was a list. I have found after trying it out for a bit that a lists with indentation are actually the “correct” way to take notes (at least for me). it is hard to explain, but i find that everything being a list removes the urge to format notes and just focus on the information. since it’s easy to create a new bullet point and indent it to the logical indentation level, you don’t have to think about “what size should i make this heading”? It is all still markdown like obsidian, so you can format things however you want, but the behavior that logseq reinforces of daily journal with lists and tagging ideas has completely changed the way i take notes and at least at the moment it feels like the rest of my life will be building off of this note taking system which feels really cool to think about. I used to never take notes btw, and now i find that I almost never forget information I come across.
- [[ctfg/challenges]] https://github.com/psilva261/opossum
- On the genealogy of good and evil #books
- https://tomhummel.com/posts/four-web-apps/ different ways to make web apps #protoflow/ideas
- **21:33** [[quick capture]]:  https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/computer-science/