- #ctfg/internship
	- level descriptions
		- Beginner Level: Participants at the beginner level are new to CTFs or have limited experience. They may have a basic understanding of cybersecurity concepts and tools but lack in-depth knowledge. Challenges at this level are designed to introduce fundamental concepts and techniques, such as basic cryptography, web security vulnerabilities, or simple forensics.
		- Intermediate Level: Participants at the intermediate level have some experience in CTFs and possess a broader understanding of cybersecurity topics. They are familiar with common tools and techniques used in CTFs and have the ability to solve moderately challenging problems. Challenges at this level may involve more advanced topics like network analysis, binary exploitation, reverse engineering, or cryptography.
		- Advanced Level: At the advanced level, participants have significant experience and expertise in CTFs. They possess advanced knowledge of multiple cybersecurity domains and can tackle complex challenges. Challenges at this level may involve advanced exploitation techniques, advanced cryptography, kernel-level exploits, or complex forensic analysis.
		- Expert Level: Participants at the expert level are highly skilled and experienced in CTFs. They have extensive knowledge across various cybersecurity areas and excel in solving complex challenges efficiently. They often participate in top-tier CTF competitions and can analyze and exploit sophisticated vulnerabilities in real-world scenarios.
	- thoughts about ctfg {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oN2SiX2tgsI&t=1361s&ab_channel=breadchris}}
	- setting up ctfg {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqyUjD-WF4c&ab_channel=breadchris}}
	-
- #protoflow/work
	- adding reactive programming data to workflow manager
		- route data depending on who depends on it
	- at least get a runnable workflow
	- try to get discord demo working
	- when resources are offline, grey out nodes and show indicator on side?
		- should be able to return this when the resources are being requested
		- ```protobuf
		  message EnumeratedResource {
		      resource.Resource resource = 1;
		      repeated graph.Node nodes = 2;
		  }
		  ```
	- resource is greyed out when it is offline
	- for feeding in the right data to the right type, perhaps we have an observable stream for each data type, and when a type is observed during a workflow, we provide that to the workflow context
	- talked with msf
		- "seems like a cool idea"
		- "good luck trying to sell this"
		- contracting company?
		- talk with zapier?
	- next steps
		- work on deployment
			- end to end example of an app running
			- docker-compose
			- kubes?
		- get streaming types working
			- rx to hook things up
		- what does a killer demo look like?
			- some AI stuff