- #security/ideas #blog/ideas Value Programming over Security
	- Cyber security came out of a need for "holes" in code to be patched. The whole field of cyber security has been plagued with this endless push to make "cyber security warriors", but just what exactly that means has not been effectively established. Hackers are people who happen on information through a deeply entrenched flow state where they really can't be bothered to do anything else but read through thousands of pages of documentation to make their score in a video game go up by some ludicrious amount. Go ahead, talk to anyone you know who is a skilled hacker, odds are very high that they have done game hacking in their time.
- #protoflow/ideas Types #blog/ideas
	- Types are just the interfaces that people have into their functions. Types can come in the form of a function definition, API/GRPC endpoint, or even from a seemingly "untyped" dynamic function, but the code processes some type of remotely structured data.
	- Write me some python code that processes json data for a chat app where people send information about athletes with each other. Each athlete has a type of sport that they play and a team that they are a part of.
	  
	  Certainly! Here's an example of Python code that processes JSON data for a chat app where people exchange information about athletes. The JSON data includes details such as the athlete's name, sport type, and team.
	  
	  ```python
	  import json
	  
	  # Sample JSON data
	  json_data = '''
	  {
	    "athletes": [
	      {
	        "name": "John Doe",
	        "sport": "Football",
	        "team": "Reds"
	      },
	      {
	        "name": "Jane Smith",
	        "sport": "Basketball",
	        "team": "Blues"
	      },
	      {
	        "name": "Mike Johnson",
	        "sport": "Tennis",
	        "team": "Aces"
	      }
	    ]
	  }
	  '''
	  
	  # Parse the JSON data
	  data = json.loads(json_data)
	  
	  # Process the athletes
	  for athlete in data['athletes']:
	      name = athlete['name']
	      sport = athlete['sport']
	      team = athlete['team']
	      
	      # Display athlete information
	      print(f"Athlete: {name}")
	      print(f"Sport: {sport}")
	      print(f"Team: {team}")
	      print()
	  ```
	  
	  In this code, the `json` module is imported to handle JSON data. The sample JSON data is stored as a string in the `json_data` variable.
	  
	  The `json.loads()` function is used to parse the JSON data and convert it into a Python dictionary. The athlete information is then accessed using the corresponding keys (`'name'`, `'sport'`, and `'team'`).
	  
	  The code iterates over each athlete in the JSON data using a `for` loop. Inside the loop, the athlete's information is extracted and displayed using `print()` statements. You can modify the code to perform any specific processing or analysis based on your requirements.
	  
	  Remember to replace the `json_data` variable with your actual JSON data when using this code in your chat app.
	  
	  Write me a protobuf definition for the above code.
	  
	  Certainly! Here's a Protocol Buffers (protobuf) definition for the athlete data in the chat app:
	  
	  ```protobuf
	  syntax = "proto3";
	  
	  message Athlete {
	    string name = 1;
	    string sport = 2;
	    string team = 3;
	  }
	  
	  message AthleteList {
	    repeated Athlete athletes = 1;
	  }
	  ```
	  
	  In the above protobuf definition:
	- The `Athlete` message defines the structure of an individual athlete. It has three fields: `name`, `sport`, and `team`, each represented by a string type. The field numbers (1, 2, and 3) indicate their order in the message.
	- The `AthleteList` message is a container message that holds a list of athletes. It has a repeated field called `athletes` of type `Athlete`. The repeated field allows multiple `Athlete` messages to be stored within the `AthleteList`.
	  
	  You can use this protobuf definition to define your athlete data structure in the chat app. After defining the protobuf, you can use the protobuf compiler (`protoc`) to generate Python code for serialization and deserialization of data in protobuf format.
- #lunabrain/work Improving GRPC UI in Protoflow
	- Adding repeated field to UI
	- Why am I spending time to do this?
		- By making it trivial to run existing code from inside protoflow will encourage people to try it out and see the power of running it
	- It should be very easy to test out code running. You can also compile this down to code that you can run outside of the UI.
	- Based off of types that are in a snippet of code, you should be able to load relevant code context to what you need as you are processing some code that is too large to fit into the context window. The resulting code will have more "correctness" since it can base its assumptions off of relevant bits of information.
- packages that need to be removed
	- postgres
	- insomnia
	- other electron apps?
- #ml/models A new standard for LLMs??!!
	- https://www.mosaicml.com/blog/mpt-7b
	- llm performance benchmark https://github.com/mosaicml/llm-foundry/tree/main/scripts/eval
	- https://huggingface.co/spaces/mosaicml/mpt-7b-chat
- #protoflow/ideas Data Layer for project
	- we have the project data structure, but there is no data that is associated with it
	- input data fields for project?
	- figure out how to not have nonsense scrolling with log https://github.com/go-gorm/gorm/blob/bab3cd1724cb111961d931f514e1bda316de8572/logger/logger.go
		- there should be a way to set the logger with the gorm config, alas, it seems like our good friend gorm had some other things in mind