- #protoflow/work
	- clean up javascript language generation
		- build it in such a way that adding python will be straight forward to do
	- build discord bot that can be orchestrated with protoflow
	- if a custom block is connect to other nodes, try to infer the type of the block
	- discussion
		- if it runs all the time it would break any production usage, the disk will simply fill up
		- or you could have a tail and only keep the last 10 runs or something, But, having it be toggled i think makes more sense from a UX perspective since its extremely similar to turning on debugging in an IDE and we can use the same design language
		- what is your vision?
		- I am not focusing on this tool being something you can run in production right now. I would like to be able to put this in front of someone and see what they do with it.
		- For a lack of better words, I want to give someone a "toybox" where they can connect different blocks together and see what happens. I want someone to feel the satisfying "snap" when a workflow runs and does what they expected it to do.
		- My hypothesis, from what I have seen, is that people are biting at the bit to build things with AI, but they don't have a single clue how to build something that runs both locally and on a server. As long as we can define the interface that they can use to build the application they had in their head, we can decouple the implementation details of how the workflow is composed and how the workflow is executed.
		- The "interface" is the site and the custom code someone might need to write to glue things together. I want it to be incredibly straightforward that "code goes there" and "i click this and that connects to that"
		- It was really useful to see you try to install and use it because an obvious take away is that it is not clear for "code goes here"
		- i think a lot about apple's closed system approach, and there are a lot of benefits to that when it comes to getting people to buy into it. I have been trying to think about how that philosophy applies to open source code, and as far as I can tell, if you build open source legos, it becomes undeniable that that is what you use.
		- even if someone tries to copy you, it is incredibly difficult to copy since you have attracted all the good talent and "off brand" legos will never feel right
		- I see protoflow's long term success coupled to a very solid social media presence since you will be able to use protoflow to make live stream coding interesting to watch. It becomes trivial to not just code systems, but architect them. I was just in a coffee shop and I signed up for a rewards program. That is literally just a doc store and a twillio API integration.
	- resources
	- langnage service
	- grpe server
	- REST server
	- Doc store
	- Bucket
	- Config
	- Hay do you cache man
	- What about logs)
	- How do you provide a config to aservice?
	- Ly config resource, and service depends on't.
	- LeIs or end ver put generated code in obvious folder
	- resources provide blocks
	- blacks are instantiated on the frech as nodes a frest is comprised of work flows
	- a vorkflow is aDAG subgraph of the project graph resouree can dependon as provide other resources a node has an input and out put type a node has exactly one resource it depends on
	- Data
	- A worhf low always tarts with date pass to the en trypaist nade
	- Seerets
	- secret store
	- Laencrypted.sile.in repo
	- I bral db?
	- grec service
	- La called by language service
- #ctfg/work/conferences
	- Luke has been making great progress with the site
	- Need to submit talk for conference
		- Deadline July 14th https://www.k12cybersecurityconference.org/call-for-proposals
- #ctfg/interns
	-
- try to install soundbite on phone?
- #blog/ideas The Advantage
- [[Dr Raid - Pwned]] #rap/songs