- #go/book What do I want people to learn about Go?
	- Learning Go will make you a better programmer. You could probably make this same argument for pretty much any language, but I think Go teaches you some pretty powerful ideas.
	- The most central one is simplicity. If you really want to study simplicity in programming, you need not look further than Lisp, but I think the way that Go goes about introducing simplicity in programming is a lot more pragmatic. We live in a world where students are taught OOP through Java and C++. Python is the go to dynamic language to get ideas on paper. Functional programming has not hit main stream consciousness just yet so it is hard to see learning a functional language, outside of choice applications, as anything more than a research project in studying programming languages themselves (which I highly recommend you do).
	- #go/book/outline
		- The c family of languages
		- You can always see source.
			- This is an absolutely understated capability of Go and one that you might be unaccustomed to if you are coming from most languages.
			- You always can see what code you included.
			- Your code is going to be around for a while.
		- Errors as values are better than the alternative.
		- Pointers are a necessary evil
		- You can freaking just run programs.
			- Even ones with dependencies
		- There is always guidance to be found
		- Simple
			- You can load more code into your head
		- logging
	- #go/book/title Go and you already know a language
- #go/blog
	- services
	- Dependecy injection
		- basic
		- go wire
		- fx
	- errors
	- pointers
	- basics
- #protoflow/work
	- I want to be able to scaffold a new project
		- From template
			- proto
				- hello.proto
			- main.go
			- go.mod
		- Creates a hello world grpc service
		- go run main.go
	- Create a new service
		- existing language
			- With a name: "test"
			- Template
				- proto
					- test
					  collapsed:: true
						- service.proto
				- pkg
					- gen
					  collapsed:: true
						- test
							- testconnect
								- test.connect.go
							- test.pb.go
							- test_grpc.pb.go
					- test
						- service.go
							- ```go
							  var ProviderSet = wire.NewSet(
							  	New,
							  )
							    
							  type Service struct {}
							  
							  var _ testconnect.TestServiceHandler = (*Service)(nil)
							  
							  func New() *Service {
							    return &Service{}
							  }
							  ```
				- main.go
				- go.mod
	- Create a method for the service
		- With stub code that I can fill in
	- Invoke the method
		- Specify input
		- See output
	- I think there is also a template layout when you have an "object" you want to represent
		- Template
			- proto
				- content
					- data
					- normalized
					- transformed
				- service.proto