- #protoflow/work Working on passing output stream of previous block to next block for input
	- streaming output to input
	- discord bot example that responds to streamed messages
		- config
			- passed through env vars?
		- secrets?
	- deployment
		- docker-compose
			- protoflow
			- language service
				- one for every language?
			- postgres?
			- volumes?
				- need to make file system resource?
		- kubes? tilt?
	- It would be cool if you could store secrets into a "keychain" and reuse them across different projects easily
	- Need to be able to determine if blocks can stream into each other
		- do blocks have "capabilities"? and a capability is "stream input" and "stream output"?
	- Need to make sure in the case that there are multiple children blocks, that the stream is not eaten up by one of the children
	- Things needed to make blocks reusable
		- We need types
			- protobuf
			- surface types on UI
			- types for function blocks come from language service proto file
		- Config
			- "stateful" data for a function
			- loaded from environment variable
				- ideally also support loading from file
			- config is also just protobuf types
			- config is made available to code in the function declaration
				- ```js
				  function MyBlock({ value }, { config }) {}
				  ```
- #life/observations The Age of Flow
	- There are a lot of things that are coming down the pipe that are going to cause a massive evolution in the way that we think. Psychadelics unlocked our minds in the 70s, suppressed by the government in response to their "abuse", and are slowly making their way back. Activities that are, relatively accessible, which help submerge us into this feeling of flow are making a come back too. Rollerblading was all the rage in the 90s. I think a lot about the movie Hackers and how, contrary to how hacking is normally depicted in media, was centered around these Internet hackers being entrenched in deep flow states while they "fight the man". Interesting enough, "the man" isn't actually your run of the mill daddy's empire, gold bar paper weight billionaire, but one of their own. An ex-hacker who now works at a large company who wanted to commit fraud and exfiltrate money. Looking through all the kitschy 90s film shots and scenes, I see a movie where those involved in writing spent the time to truly understand just what it was that hackers were doing then, and what is still all too relevant today.
	- Humans are weird. Some of us think in non-linear ways which is often bucketed as a "handicap" as opposed to a skill. The more that we come to embrace our nuances, the deeper we grow as humans.
- #golang/code Running a process properly
	- ```go
	  func startProcess(cmd *exec.Cmd) (cleanup func(), err error) {
	  	stderr, err := cmd.StderrPipe()
	  	if err != nil {
	  		log.Error().Msgf("Error getting standard output pipe: %v", err)
	  		return
	  	}
	  
	  	stdout, err := cmd.StdoutPipe()
	  	if err != nil {
	  		log.Error().Msgf("Error getting standard output pipe: %v", err)
	  		return
	  	}
	  	cleanup = func() {
	  		stdout.Close()
	  		stderr.Close()
	  	}
	  
	  	stderrScan := bufio.NewScanner(stderr)
	  	go func() {
	  		for stderrScan.Scan() {
	  			fmt.Println(stderrScan.Text())
	  		}
	  	}()
	  
	  	scanner := bufio.NewScanner(stdout)
	  	go func() {
	  		for scanner.Scan() {
	  			fmt.Println(scanner.Text())
	  		}
	  	}()
	  
	  	log.Debug().Msgf("Starting subprocess: %v", cmd.String())
	  
	  	cmd.WaitDelay = 10 * time.Minute
	  
	  	// Start the subprocess
	  	if err = cmd.Start(); err != nil {
	  		log.Error().Msgf("Error starting subprocess: %v", err)
	  		return
	  	}
	  	return
	  }
	  ```
- #life/observations/coding It often pays to invest in the up front cost of vaguely understanding an interface and what it should look like. The interface should be easily refactorable, and will grow as your code grows. Incremental progress on what this schema looks like is highly beneficial since you are constantly shielding yourself and others from leaky abstractions. Again, don't spend a fuck ton of time trying to understand what it should look like, spend just enough so you can feel _good_ about the way it looks then and there.