- #lunasec/work Storing embeddings from OpenAI into the cache database. After this, store the embeddings into pinecone.
	- The `normalized_content` from the DB should be broken up into tokens of lenght 1024.
	- Upsert vectors into pinecone: https://github.com/pinecone-io/go-pinecone/blob/main/examples/app.go#L56
	- Once inserted, store id for pinecone in DB
- #protoflow/questions
	- do you think that most senior engineers would work in a similar business/problem space to complicore? does it pay enough/mentally interesting enough? I ask because I was thinking that protoflow can easily attract junior developers, but at some point you would still need an experience engineer in the loop to actually orchestrate the blocks together (possibly). Where/how can incentives be placed to attract experienced engineers?
	- that's a really good question.
	  i've met a lot of senior engineers who just want to get shit done. they want to do interesting things, they don't really care about how complex or intricate their code or architecture is. in fact, simplicity, readability, and maintainability are what they strive for. simplicity in the solution, less dependencies, fewer lines of code. readability, avoiding esoteric language features or patterns. maintainability, setting the bar at "would a junior understand what's going on here?".
	  i've also met senior engineers who love to flex. contributors and maintainers of open source projects, inventing their own protocols and libraries. hell, even their own programming languages.
	  however, i feel like the latter are fewer and far between -- and nothing protoflow could do would sway them to use the platform. at the end of the day, i believe that if we have great developer experience, and leave doors open for more junior engineers to feel productive, we'll win engineers over.
	- the larger win is with protoflow's visiblity. an underlying goal is actually to allow TPMs to discover bugs or reduce the need for a QA team. if someone less technical or non-technical has access to how the code works without having to write some test or automation, then you really get a huge productivity boost because the time between code being written and bug being discovered is cut way short.
- https://skaffold.dev/docs/design/ #protoflow/ideas CI/CD