- #books Don Norman’s *The Design of Everyday Things*
	- *A Philosophy of Software Design* by John Ousterhout
- #blog/ideas Learn how to get mad
	- We all feel it. It’s early, you haven’t eaten and yet another thing has gone wrong about your day. Anyone in your vicinity is going to get a version of you that you might not be happy with yourself.
	- This is inevitable, life is messy and there are things you and everyone else around is going to have to roll with. But there are things that are acceptable and not acceptable. Excusing a version of yourself you know not to be positive is a bad thing.
	- There are many ways we go about dealing with the different versions of ourselves. Suppress them. Committing to the act vehemently to the point of denial. But why? That’s  probably a question for a friend/counselor, but I think the root is always some type of sadness.
	- To face the sadness within, we have to be brave and go up against ourselves, even when it sucks. I have found the best way to battle my desire to lash out is to itemize everything I am feeling and enumerate it. It kind of feels like putting all the cards out on the table and letting someone make their own decisions about the other version of you that’s trying to come out.
	- Now, there is a very important point here, that I am sure most people who have had failed relationships can understand. When you lay down the cards of your thoughts and feelings, you make it very easy for someone to take advantage of this information. Gas lighting and other forms of manipulation become all too easy for others who are prone to this reaction.
	- You are the average of your 5 closest people. Let those people be ones who, when looking at your cards, help you out and build you up.
- #blog/ideas Personal Branding
	- Do it
	- 7 touch points for sales
- #blog/ideas Noise makes experts more valuable
	- Experts don’t suffer when there is too much information. If anything, they might start to excel even more because they can cross pollinate ideas. Beginners on the other hand have to sift through information to find a thread to pull. Books help significantly, but can be a commitment that is too significant for a beginner outside of a class whose required reading it is.
	- I hope I don’t get cancelled for this, but you should pirate text books. Try the information on for size. If it helps you make money, give more than what the book cost you back to the author. Your life has been changed in an irreversible way because of what that author put together. Data is cheap. You can read all of my posts for free. I am investing in you, the reader, as someone who might add value to my life one day. Give value to people who have given you value.
- find Thoughts On Writing in omnivore
- #life/observations do more with less
	- build things for people who live lives
	- pick up trash
	- reduce and reuse comes before recycle