- #interview/response
	- Web Security
		- threat model of csrf forms and cors
			- There is a site bank.com which has a transfer feature.
			- ```html
			  <form action="https://bank.com/transfer" method="POST">
			    <input type="hidden" name="accountFrom" value="YOUR_ACCOUNT_NUMBER"/>
			    <input type="text" name="accountTo" placeholder="Recipient's account number"/>
			    <input type="number" name="amount" placeholder="Amount to transfer"/>
			    <input type="submit" value="Transfer"/>
			  </form>
			  ```
			-
			- ```html
			  <form action="https://bank.com/transfer" method="POST" style="display:none;">
			    <input type="hidden" name="accountFrom" value="YOUR_ACCOUNT_NUMBER"/>
			    <input type="hidden" name="accountTo" value="ATTACKER_ACCOUNT_NUMBER"/>
			    <input type="hidden" name="amount" value="1000"/>
			  </form>
			  <script>
			    document.forms[0].submit();
			  </script>
			  ```
			- cookies
		- cors vs csrf
			- CORS is designed to allow servers to control how their resources are shared across domains. CSRF, on the other hand, is about preventing unauthorized commands from being executed on behalf of an authenticated user.
		- class-based deserialization attacks
			- When an instance of an object moves between processes, especially in distributed systems, it needs to first be converted into bytes. This is done through the serialization and deserialization process. An object in process A is serialized into bytes, and the bytes are deserialized into an object in process B. JSON is a common serialization format, but only supports simple maps of string data which puts restrictions on the data type. Languages which contain a byte code have the benefit of serializing code, as it exists in the process, into bytes. This means there are no restrictions on what data can be passed from one process to another. Allowing attacker controlled data to flow into a deserialization function is  provide a direct vulnerability
	- Cloud Architecture
		- web site screen shot checker
			- SSRF
		- why does lambda make things secure?
-