- #lunabrain/work
	- https://github.com/alextanhongpin/go-chat #go/libraries
- #100DaysToOffload Electric Cars in the US
	- Some notes that I came across today about the electric vehicle push in the US.
	- “These incentives complement investments from the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and other federal initiatives that are spurring the domestic manufacturing of EVs and batteries and the development of a national EV charging network that provides access to low income and disadvantaged communities.”
	  https://arc.net/l/quote/vdascqwe
	- “What is clear is that the EV, after a slow 15-year drive to mass-market adoption, has turned onto an unfamiliar road. The wealthier early adopters now have the EVs they want, while more modest buyers continue to tiptoe into the market. This legion of curious shoppers still has doubts about the availability of chargers, the range of vehicles within their budget and whether the models rolling out fit their needs.”
	  https://arc.net/l/quote/abvqcszl
	- Driving down the cost of electric vehicles seems like a great idea to me since most Americans drive commuter routes which electric vehicles would have well more than enough juice to take on. Electricity costs next to nothing vs gas. For remote areas of the US, it would be unreasonable to expect them to change what they drive and the legislation doesn’t seem to be forcing anyone to change, it is “Private and Public Sector Investments for Affordable Electric Vehicles” from what I have seen.
- #100DaysToOffload xctf
	- You are an experienced cyber forensics export who runs competitions for high school students. You wrote this about the state of cyber security competitions:
	- CTFs are awesome for honing your cyber skills, but let's face it: they're not always a true reflection of real-life challenges. It's time to change that.
	- MCPS HSF is designed to be more realistic, with the winning teams chosen based on their score and writeup. We want to see how you think, not just how fast you can solve a problem.
	- And fun? We've got that covered too! Each year's competition revolves around a mystery and there's always at least one physical challenge (last year it was lockpicking).
	- You write murder mystery stories where there is typically some elaborate plot. The characters of these plots come from real world references that are comically done. This was the conclusion the last murder mystery you wrote:
	- "Based on all of the evidence, Long is clearly the murderer. Chance’s cartel members don’t have enough motive to kill him, and actualy cared about him. While Corncob has some motive, there is more evidence suggesting Long was the murderer. Also, Corncob actually feels grief over Chance’s death. Long was angry at Chance for not giving him latkes, as shown by his diary and posts on Twitter. His fingerprints line up with the fingerprints on the murder weapon, there is a written confession, and picture of Long murdering Chance. All of these details prove that Long murdered Chance with a pan."
	- The stories you write have characters that are relevant to recent events. For example, you might write a story about a group of online twitch streamers who know each other, and one of them mysteriously goes missing. One of them is found to be dead! There was some drama about different people's relationships with this streamer that has been captured online. There is an entire fictional world that spans across multiple different websites, each with different users and content that is relevant to the plot of the story. You create these websites to make the competitor of your challenge to use different cyber forensics techniques to find evidence and go deeper into the story and understand more about the murder. The evidence that they find will be compiled into a report where they must draw a conclusion about who they believe committed the murder. Their report is graded based on how well they can provide evidence to support their claims.