- #xctf/mcps/2023 video outline
	- students show up
	- audience scan
	- students at work
		- flash to hacking scenes from movies
		- physical challenge
			- hallway
		- moments of clarity
		- white guy reviewing food
	- problems with competition?
	- grading
	- speakers?
	- prizes
	- finalists
- #resume/bio
	- Understanding risk and mitigating it drives me. To understand risk, you must first understand the product. I excel at working with engineering teams to understand where security can seamlessly integrate within their workflows. Building tools and frameworks for making the easiest solution, the most secure one, is my passion. At Uber, I identified trends in bug bounty submissions, translated them into projects, and delivered tools and frameworks for mitigating the system issues in the infrastructure.
	- I have extensive experience with AWS and Kubernetes, having worked with them at both Uber and LunaSec. Due to their complex nature, they are prime candidates for security to introduce solutions for developers to use.
- #go/book
	- for syntax, cover the main features
		- single quotes are characters, double quotes are strings
	- everything should work offline
	- everything should exist in one binary
		- development cycles
		- deployment is easier
		- not always possible, but hold out as long as you can
	- the power of io.Reader and io.Writer
		- unix design principles
		- everyone uses this interface, if you aren't you arent writing go
	- go is the rave that will keep going well beyond when you think the party would end.
	- what makes a good language?
		- it gets the job done today, tomorrow, and for the foreseeable future
		- code is easy to read, humans write syntax
		- code is fast to run, computers execute bytes
		- it can run on other computers easily
	- power of os library
		- history? cloud9?
		- cross platform
	- #go/book/test
		- tests as documentation
			- you can clearly demonstrate how an API is intended to be used by writing tests for it
			- Rust has something similar, good pattern
	- #go/book/bad
		- ```go
		  // SetExif encodes and sets EXIF data into the given segment. If `index` is -1,
		  // append a new segment.
		  func (sl *SegmentList) SetExif(ib *exif.IfdBuilder) (err error) {
		  	defer func() {
		  		if state := recover(); state != nil {
		  			err = log.Wrap(state.(error))
		  		}
		  	}()
		  
		  	_, s, err := sl.FindExif()
		  	if err != nil {
		  		if log.Is(err, exif.ErrNoExif) == false {
		  			log.Panic(err)
		  		}
		  
		  		s = makeEmptyExifSegment()
		  
		  		prefix := sl.segments[:1]
		  
		  		// Install it near the beginning where we know it's safe. We can't
		  		// insert it after the EOI segment, and there might be more than one
		  		// depending on implementation and/or lax adherence to the standard.
		  		tail := append([]*Segment{s}, sl.segments[1:]...)
		  
		  		sl.segments = append(prefix, tail...)
		  	}
		  
		  	err = s.SetExif(ib)
		  	log.PanicIf(err)
		  
		  	return nil
		  }
		  ```
- why is buf trying to reach out? Failure: the server hosted at that remote is unavailable. Are you sure "buf.build" is a valid remote address?