- #go/book What does it mean to "use" code?
	- Read
	- Write
	- Fix
	- Share
- #go/book Consistent styling
	- Our brains are good at pattern matching (ref). When we see patterns in front of us, it is easy for our brains to factor out the common patterns, and we are left with the structure of how those patterns relate to each other. When you are programming, you are using common code constructs all the time; for loops, function signatures, maps, string concatenation, etc. On a high level this is what we are doing constantly while programming, but if you compare how you wrote some code compared to someone else in the same language, it often looks quite different. Why is that?
	- Just as easy as it is to remember patterns, we can repeat those patterns. It is the path of least resistance, why do you need to reinvent how to define a function? But programming is messy since we are trying to model the world. As we code, we quickly find that the patterns that have gotten us to where we are as a developer fall short, and our real job starts when we are forging new code that we haven't seen before. What does this new code look like? Well, probably something close to code we have seen before. It is at this point that prevailing patterns within a language are of the utmost importance. If it is well defined and "proper" for you to write code in a particular way, then your new code will look like it fits right into everything else. In languages where consistent patterns are not commonly observed, this can be quite challenging.
	- The importance of styling in code you want other people to use is paramount. It lets people reuse their existing understanding of the language and its patterns to quickly understand what code is doing. The less magic or hidden functionality, the more context a human can load into their brain when reading code. In Go, a frequently cited document to help guide people write consistent code in Go is the [Uber style guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md). It goes through a wide array of scenarios from naming to error handling where developers find themselves asking the question "what is the right way to do this?". Having answers to these questions is important because