- #go/book #go/book/ideas
	- #go/book/naming
		- you don't know what you should be naming your variables, types, etc. dont get nerd sniped
		- service driven development
			- we are always building services that do something, and it is ok not to know what purpose the service actually serves when you start developing it.
			- Over time as you develop an understanding of what the service is supposed to do, you move code out, refactor its name, have it settle into its purpose.
	- why do you do `var slice []string` vs `slice := []string{}`
		- The `var slice []string` declaration signifies an empty or nil slice of string. It does not allocate any memory. The length and capacity of this slice are 0. If you try to append to it, new memory will be allocated.
		  
		  On the other hand, `slice := []string{}` creates an empty but non-nil slice. This also has a length and capacity of 0, but it differs from the nil slice in that it points to some underlying array (even though it's currently empty). So it already has allocated memory to it.
		  
		  Essentially, you would use `var slice []string` if you want to declare a slice that you may or may not initialize, effectively saving memory. On the other hand, if you are sure that you will be filling up the slice with elements, then it could be more efficient to use `slice := []string{}` as it already has some memory allocated to it.
	- interfaces are only needed once you have identified a common set of functionality between services, and you need to have them flow together. Prematurely trying to come up with an interface is unnecessary overhead.
	- go has an idea of an "object", but it isn't what you are used to. when you strip away details, an object is just a collection of
	- immediate feedback makes programming faster
	- static typing
	- less syntax
		- patterns are easier to see and use
	- https://12factor.net/
	- dependency injection
	- condense if statements sparingly
		- scope of variables can be confusing
	- things I dont like
		- pointers, necessary evil
			- errcheck to the rescue
		- panic
	- #go/book/packages
		- package names are the first part of a name
			- openai.Service
			- openai.OpenAIService
		- flatter package structure is better than nested
		- do not hide what is going on
	- #cattheory https://chat.openai.com/share/370928aa-e341-4437-b697-1f4d2d6a1dbf
	-