- #go/book #go/book/ideas How to write code other people can use.
	- I got some advice last night about picking a focus for writing a book early on, since the process takes so long to do. My objective for writing a book is to get more people writing Go. I want to lower the barrier of entry/mental blocks people have when approaching Go. Making the language accessible is very important to me. There are lessons to be learned from Go that go beyond the language itself, and speak to patterns in programming that everyone should be striving for. The most important lesson that Go has taught me is that writing code that other people can use goes a long way. Achieving this is not as simple as putting an install command in your readme. It requires you to think through what your documentation looks like, how does someone use your abstractions, do changes you make later on break compatibility? There has been no other language that I have come across that has such a cohesive collection of libraries than that of Go and I want to detail what I have observed that has made this possible. It really starts with the consistent communication that the core developers of the language have always had. The standard library was designed in a way that communicates Go best practices, since you are always able to look under the hood of what your code is doing down to the system calls. The toolchain gives people a consistent experience, no matter what project you are looking on. Contributions to projects becomes a breeze since you are directly looking at the source code.
- #security/learn
	-