- #blog #go/blog Programming Patterns are hard to learn
	- When learning a language, you typically start learning the syntax. This is relatively straight forward to teach, and so you can find abundant books and tutorials for your language. With your dev environment setup, and running code examples, you are ready to use your new tool to solve some problems.
	- You have an idea for an app, so you start coding it in a file. The file grows to be too large, but you know how to split it out into different files. But what code goes in the other file? You toss some functions that seem to be similar to each other into the other file. You continue to make new files with different groups of functions until you remember your language has classes! Classes are for grouping similar to things together so you have a neat place to keep them. Starting to refactor your code to use classes, you realize just how much duplicate code there is. That isn't very CLEAN, good thing we are fixing that problem now.
	- The project continues to grow and different types of data prompt you to refactor your classes even further. Abstracting details into base classes so you can create others that inherit from them. Your code looks beautiful, just like you saw it in the textbook.
	- But then something happens, your project just went viral! Thousands of github users star your repo and start opening issues asking for sick features. Good thing you have been staying on top of writing textbook code, you effortlessly implement what people are asking for. Other developers start to open pull requests, but you notice something about their code, it looks nothing like yours. In fact, it seems as if everyone is writing in their own version of the language your project is. How is that possible?
	- Worried that your code will be bogged down
	- Let's say we learned Javascript so that we can build a recipe site. We write server.js, run it, and it works! There aren't many features implemented yet, but we deploy it so our chef friends can start giving feedback.
	- As you write more code, it becomes more complex. Your single file is