- #thinkies Interviewing
	- I want to be pissed, but I can't. I have been drained of every ounce of my ability to care or make a principled statement about the way that things should be with recruiting. Maybe to the right audience, hopeful college students who dream of a better world I could deliver an impassioned rant. I will talk for far longer than I should be. In reality, I should be telling them how to navigate the interview process, as broken as it might be.
	- Why do I have to a hundred people how I got to where I am to get my foot in the door to maybe get an offer? Surely I have socially validated enough having worked at FAANG and a YC startup to have prompted some interesting conversation with my interviewer to prove I am not some idiot. I have gotten really good at talking about the past decade of my life. It comes as effortlessly as delivering a Hamlet monologue  expressing his pain of existence. Depending on who I am talking to, it becomes a college of life clippings I want them to see to tickle their ventricles. I do enjoy the showman ship of being in a conversation, but I realized after some rejections that people do not want to experience my unbridled passion for solving problems, they want someone who will just do the job as described. Maybe it is similar to an applicant for a janitorial role breaking into song and dance to demonstrate what their years at juliard made them capable of.
	- It is easy to be pessimistic about the process of applying to jobs and being rejected. Being opened up, inspected, and put back on the manufacturing line. It is dehumanizing to get a rejection letter that doesn't seem written by a human, but they said I was a "strong applicant". I was sooooo close to getting the job, but not quite! aw shucks, better luck next time!
	- I find myself even questioning the prophecy I have been telling myself for some time: "you will end up where you belong". Week after week of investing time and experiencing rejection is a great test of your tenacity. I wonder how I fare in that regard compared to my peers.
-