- #go/book naming
	- The recommendation from the authors is to use short variable names. This felt awkward initially, I wanted to be verbose in describing the purpose of a variable. If you look at standard library code, everything uses short variable names. I think what changed for me over time was that I realized that short variables 1) require less reading, meaning you can read code faster 2) variables being less descriptive are OK as long as functions aren't longer than a screen size. If you can glance at a function, you can see the start and end of a variable's life time, meaning contextual information is more readily available. The function's name and doc become more helpful in providing context clues.
- #jobs/coverletter
	- At Uber, I drove the reduction of driver fraud by developing a mobile security signaling system to detect malicious activity. This novel system collected system signals that were related to attempts to modify the application and the data it relied on. Anti-debugging and reversing measures disincentivized attacker's ability to inspect and modify the code. Once deployed, fraud was driven from a significant, to negligible loss.
	- Critical coverage of the Log4j vulnerability drove millions of visitors to the blog post I authored https://www.lunasec.io/docs/blog/log4j-zero-day/. A high performance scanner and patcher was developed and used by a number of Fortune 500 companies for mitigating the vulnerability.
- #security/learn
	- Authorization
		- the process of verifying that a requested action or service is approved for a specific entity
		- enforce least privileges
		- Prefer Attribute and Relationship Based Access Control over RBAC
	- CSRF
		- XSS can bypass all CSRF mitigation techniques
		- Synchronizer Token Pattern
	- iam https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html
	- resume https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K3Dj6ZiXt-zvIMjjmTDEEisu7oMa9mUk3lOldo_xoy8/edit
	- amazon role
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### Description
		  
		  In Amazon Stores, we ship some of the widest arrays of technology found at any company. From Amazon.com to world class machine learning pipelines, from cutting-edge digital healthcare to no-checkout retail, we push the boundaries of technology in every direction using the globe’s largest AWS deployment.
		  
		  As an AppSec engineer, you will collaborate with software development teams to ensure we keep our customers safe while developing these novel services. In a given day, you might be inspecting an application’s code for security issues, building a new framework to help our software developers build faster and more securely, or fine-tuning the design for a new service alongside its software developers.
		  
		  The ideal candidate combines technical acumen with an ability to lead by influence and communicate clearly. Technically, this person will be a security generalist with one or more areas of deep expertise. In their communication, they will clearly articulate risks to technical and non-technical audiences alike. Interpersonally, successful candidates will effectively harmonize disparate opinions while effectively prioritizing risks to guide their partners towards secure solutions.
		  
		  Our organization prizes its employees, and we show it through investing in work-life harmony. We have dedicated resources that consistently innovate in reducing on-call time and ensuring the team spend their time on the highest-value tasks. Join the stores AppSec organization to work hard, have fun, and make history!
		  
		  Key job responsibilities
		- Creating, updating, and maintaining threat models for a wide variety of software projects
		- Manual and Automated Secure Code Review, primarily in Java, Python and JavaScript
		- Development of security automation tools
		- Adversarial security analysis using cutting-edge tools to augment manual effort
		- Security training and outreach for internal development teams
		- Security architecture and design guidance
		- Lead execution and definition of security strategy for your team
		- Mentor and develop teammates both technically and professionally
		- Seek out, develop, and advocate for new technology to identify and mitigate complex risks
		- Effectively navigate novel situations and problems that do not have a defined solution
		  
		  We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:
		  
		  Arlington, VA, USA | Atlanta, GA, USA | Austin, TX, USA | Chicago, IL, USA | Dallas, TX, USA | New York, NY, USA | Seattle, WA, USA | Sunnyvale, CA, USA
		- #### Basic Qualifications
		- BS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience
		- 5+ years of experience with at least three of the following: thread modeling, secure coding, identity management and authentication, software development, cryptography, penetration testing, cloud security, mobile security, or network security.
		- Advanced knowledge and understanding of security engineering, system and network security, authentication an security protocols, cryptography, or application security.
		- Experience reading and writing in at least one programming language
		- #### Preferred Qualifications
		- Excellent judgement in assessing and prioritizing technical risk
		- Strong application security background with a focus on scalable solutions
		- Experience building and securing complex AWS architecture
		- Excellent written and verbal communication skills
		  
		  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
		  
		  Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several US geographic markets. The base pay for this position ranges from $136,000/year in our lowest geographic market up to $247,600/year in our highest geographic market. Pay is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. For more information, please visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/workplace/employee-benefits. This position will remain posted until filled. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.
	- things to study https://mail.google.com/mail/u/1/popout?ver=1g3ytthb29lwb#attid%253Datt_18e9b59da57433f3_0.1_17ead62d_3e1b57c4_8213dec0_739fd0c6_c8935734%25252FAppSec%252520Phone%252520Interview%252520Prep%2525202024.docx
		- https://securecodingdojo.owasp.org/public/index.html
	- owasp cheatsheet https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html#user-interaction-based-csrf-defense
	-
- #jobs/attempts
	- finding leads
		- levels.fyi
		- glassdoor
	- patreon
		- referral
		- coding interview
			- completed it
		- rejected
			- zac got mad
	- databricks
		- application portal
		- https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/databricks/FMfcgzGwJclPpGrrHwLszbrsMbqMbHQW
		- **Hiring Manager Interview**
			- https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/databricks/FMfcgzGwJmFWtFjCKvsHJwfJpDjplxWN
		- Technical Phone Screen https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/databricks/FMfcgzGwJvlCLWfLHfvmkmjckzQNdFTp
			- Source Code Review
				- Find bugs in the code
			- Threat Modeling & Security Design Thinking
				- Build a secure file upload
		- Virtual Interview https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/databricks/FMfcgzGxRdsZhtPlmHNrngZXlmjqVftB
			- Web Security
				- CSRF
				- Java deserialization
			- Cloud Architecture
				- Build a screenshot app
		- I fucked up the Web Security CSRF, and deserialization
			- hadn't thought about these things in a while
	- cointracker
		- recruiter on linkedin
		- technical interview
		- rejected
	- workos
		- head of engineering
			- redirects me to product
		- head of project
		- rejection https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/workos/FMfcgzGxSHfdDDCbFjZbxbrfsCvbNKDz
	- anthropic
		- referral from Free, he applied by didn't keep going through interview
		- technical screen
			- review code look for bug
		- rejection
	- openai
		- referral
		- rejection https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/interview/FMfcgzGxRxKKqRGxXFcnwSTPGgMDmPMM