- #erin
	- I love everything about you. I don't understand how that is possible when there are things that you do that actually drive me crazy. Waiting for "later" to put away your dishes doesn't work! Your dopamine seeking brain is going to immediately forget that you still have dirty dishes to put away!!! The only thing that I can think of as to why I really love you is that - well I guess there are two things 1) you are hot and 2) you try. You try when most people would have given up. It is probably hard to see that for some things because it might be something so simple that you are trying to do but can't. I can't help but laugh in those moments because it is so ridiculous and you get so frustrated by the fact that it is difficult, but you still try. You keep warning me about how you might get to a point where you are incapacitated by depression. If that ever does happen, I have no doubt that your mind will be trying its hardest to break out of it. Ironically, I think it is how much you try that actually gets in your way. To take Dean's example of your brain driving a Ferrari, you get to a point where you are stuck in mental mud and then you floor it. The street tires have no traction and send mud flying behind you with not an inch of progress. I live for the moments you  dislodge yourself from the inch of mud you are stuck in and go screaming down the road. The rumble of your engine and wind as you go flying by is intoxicating. You bring life into my life Erin and for all the things that you are, you are amazing.
- #lunabrain/ideas
	- https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama #golang/libraries