- https://github.com/newhouseb/clownfish/blob/main/clownfish.py #lunapipe/output print out structured data
- #protoflow/ideas Social site hosting
	- git repo to s3 and host a site
	- custom domains? fallback domain?
- #programming it would be really nice to have a library i can add to any language that will provide me production-readiness to any code that I write. the sdk is consistent across all languages. value simplicity over features. try to write something that covers the 80% of what someone would want. You can always add more later, it is hard to take away functionality.
	- config
	- dependencies
	- logging
	- error handling?
- #highthinkies #blog/ideas Writing on a plane
	- it seems that when I am on a plane, and I have the internet taken away from me, I am much more inclined to start writing. I think that I would rather dictate the words that I want to say but my typing speed seems to be adequate enough to keep up with my thoughts.
	- Anyways, I find it interesting that I slip into this thought process of reading the saved articles I have on Omnivore and taking notes about things that pop into my mind. They don’t often relate to what it is that I am reading, but they become quite clear in my head. It feels like my head becomes filled with this massive amount of context and it becomes very easy to synthesize a (semi?) coherent train of thought and write it down. It really doesn’t matter what I write, like right now I am writing about writing. What does matter is that there is personal voice. People want to read, hear, see authenticity. This has always been the case, but I think now more than ever. People are depressed because there is no human in their life who understands them like they do themselves (or maybe they don’t even understand themselves and it’s that much more lonely). I want to hone in on my writing skill so that I can reach out from my words and give you, my dear reader, a hug or at the very least make you feel like I am looking directly at you and giving you a smile. I admire people like Bill Nye, Mr. Rogers, Morgan Freeman, Richard Feynman, and the many others who had the power to look through the TV and directly at the viewer and the viewer felt seen.
	- I typed that all out in one go, so I hoped you had fun reading that brain dump. I don’t think it’s too bad, could be better, but better will come in time. Right now I just want to write as I would talk. I don’t mind if my novice writing is seared into the Internet for others to see until Oblivion. Hope your