- #lunabrain/work
- #lunabrain/ideas
	- Stream audio and transcribe with go https://github.com/djthorpe/go-whisper
- #bullskip/work
	- app can save prompts to settings and get them for use when processing a transcript
	- need to add them to the transcript viewer window
	- need to add live transcript editor
- #protoflow/work
	- fix context window problem
		- https://github.com/jerryjliu/llama_index/blob/main/llama_index/indices/prompt_helper.py#L175
		- https://github.com/jerryjliu/llama_index/blob/main/llama_index/text_splitter/token_splitter.py
		- default prompts from llama index https://github.com/jerryjliu/llama_index/blob/8611c2f0f2a53e4d46f8d76d7be7485077bb206f/llama_index/prompts/default_prompts.py#L123
	- refactor code generator code, make it easier to add a new function
	- you can load parts of the go ast into the context window for chatgpt when considering how to write code
		- the parts of the ast can become nodes on a graph that are included into the context window for a chatgpt prompt
	- how do you take nodes and make them available into an llm context window
- #lunabrain/search
	- embedding leaderboard https://huggingface.co/spaces/mteb/leaderboard
- **20:34** [[quick capture]]: Okay, so the problem with LLMs is the context window.  That's like the most important part, right?  All of the information that gets put into the context window needs to be important.  You need to use as much as possible.  So how do you determine what stuff makes it into that context window?  It's difficult to know if it depends on the model.  Depends on the model, but it also, like, if you do like a search,  if you do like a search, it's like you have all those contents.  I think you mean, like you intentionally.  No, I'm talking about the agent that goes and gets information and puts it into the context window.  So your results of prompt engineering and the it's called RIG retrieval augmentation something.  That's like a term used to refer to it.  So in retrieval augmentation generation.  Yeah, so RIG in RIG, you want to put the game there is to figure out how to put the most important information into the context window is possible for the task at hand.  The higher the quality of the information, the higher the quality of the resulting content that comes out.  So imagine that you could have, you could attach like weight,  to that content that gets considered as a part of the context window.  And based off the weights you can include, you can expand how much that particular particular piece of content to take up more of the context window.  How by just duplicating it or?  No, it's just okay. So let's say you have 10 search results.  Right, you perform a search, use your wants to know.  These are wants to know what the capital of Paris is.  Or sorry, the capital of France is.  Okay.  So for Wikipedia is like a, we want to include as much as content context as possible from Wikipedia based off of like an embedding search because that's like relevant, right?  We can trust Wikipedia. That has a high rating.  Versus like some random site. Like if you, if you were to have done like a Google search or like if you already had content indexed,  like the domain is going to change how much weight to apply it.  So us like a plan was like page rank or something to perform to get like a domain.  Yeah, but it's like a new, it's like page rank but like customized to the domain of study.  So if it's like,  imagine if you could like rank results from hacker news higher than,  I don't know, read it.  Right, that makes sense.  And so you could start by doing like a text or semantic similarity search.  But then the in the resulting content if there's a domain that's like from hacker news, that goes like that's always up.  That's almost like the result is pinned because we want to weight that so high, so much higher than like other content.  Yeah, that makes sense.  Yeah, that makes sense.  You want to break it higher.  Yeah.  And that's something we want to be able to configure too.  Imagine if you could go in and change like what domains are more relevant than others.  And then you can also configure that for a certain category or a certain state of mind that you might find yourself in.  Right, so if you're in.  That's fucks.  Yeah.  It sucks.  So imagine you're in like CEO mode and you want to network more effectively.  You are going to want LinkedIn to rate higher than anything else.  But you also maybe want to consider like crunch base if you want to like a numerate details about like a company.  Right, you as a CEO, you're interested who works there.  Is there anyone from like, why see that I know?  Right.  And you would ideally be just one place that you can go in search.  Like you don't have to log in to LinkedIn or you don't have to open up the web browser.  Like you should just be able to search.  Like you already pay for the service.  You pay for the content.  Like why is it? Why is the search like requiring you to take all these other elaborate steps?  So the the vision that I have that I tried to write about, but I think kind of failed a little bit in my blog post is if you make an integration platform.  That like let's you take like things like LinkedIn or whatever like data source that you as see it free the CEO of a company could use to more effectively do your job.  Because you don't have to go around and loot around for stuff.  Like you value has been added to you by using a service like that.  Like an integrated search like a cross domain integrated search.  But using the the APIs that these companies expose or maybe you have to like scrape a webpage to make it happen.  I was just thinking about like you know multiple data sources that you want to go to rank based on some criteria.  Yeah.  Like fat life. If you want to do kinky shit like fat life could be and that's considered in that search.  Yeah.  Because there's only so many sites you really go to.  Yeah, but it's also like I don't know.  It's interesting to keep like the Google problem but not putting the Google problem in the context of like  GadgetBT.  Yeah.  Like I want to query data but Google is a shitty way of retrieving data.  It's horrible.  Like you know it's a shitty thing.  We know that we need to rank things based on trust and trust is this weird thing you can't quite quantify.  And it's personal.  Yeah.  Trust is very personal.  Yeah.  For sure.  It's like a document on my computer.  It's like the highest value source.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It's like higher key ranking.  Yeah.  And then if you can build if you can like reactively build these indexes based off of what matters to you.  And you can do that easily.  Like that's really valuable.  And companies are going to want to pay you to write an integration for their data so that you can  they can be considered as a part of your search engine.  Maybe I don't know.  Like if you write some key integrations that a lot of people use and then you have like a user based that starts to grow.  Like you can go to companies saying you will have like X percent more engagement on your site.  Like if you if we have like an integration with you.  Or maybe that's not the top one.  I know that's probably not.  Yeah.  But you can go to a company and say like oh all of your services are already integrated into the search box.  I mean a productivity tool that accompanied it.  It increases the productivity workforce.  That's worth money.  Yeah.  That's an easy fucking guy.  Your crowd is just don't think you're going to get there right away.  You're going to get there by selling the visuals.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I mean to get individuals to be power users to use it.  Then you get champions in a company and they want to use it to search your own.  So what's the minimal?  What are the things that like like you could integrate discord?  All right.  It's starting to dislike.  Like is probably is that the most relevant?  Slock and get hug?  I don't know.  Sales force.  I don't need sales force.  But like a lot of useful things on the context of what you're doing.  If you're trying to build a CRM, it's probably different problem.  I'm trying to build a engineering documentation tool.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It would be really helpful to work at a company.  Good insights.  I think you have a counter at.  Yeah.  Oh.  Crash probably could be a stupid thing.  Because it's funny because working in a company now is like it gives us data to  Validate thoughts.  Because there's so many people at a company.  Yeah.  They're your captive audience.  They're literally paid to talk with you.  Yeah.  [LAUGHTER]  The incentives are just a line for them to spend time with you.  You just show.  Really got fucking trade and horse.  Huh?  They get trodured horse.  You go in and do the thing.  You can talk to everyone at this.  You can go through every single person that's on the roster.  That's insane.  It's not that we're interested in company.  You go work out again.  Just from the perspective of like talking in the engineering.  Because they're like not Google skill.  They're going to build themselves.  But they are at the skill or the buy things.  That way.  They'll buy things.  Yeah.  There's a size of critical size.  It's like beyond 2,000 engineers.  Probably not a very good interest in target.  Right.  So it's like somewhere between.  Because it's two large enterprises.  Yeah.  They're just not going to fuck.  They have way to make apartments.  They're shitty customers.  They're 4,500.  Oh.  Oh.  I see.  It's just shitty industries.  Like once you get beyond that size.  But like it's a really, maybe like 200.  500.  1500 engineers.  Because it's a sweet spot.  Dude.  All this is fucking recorded.  That's dope.  200 did like 1500 engineers.  Those sweet spot probably.  Maybe even like as low as 80.  Because at 80 you have an engineering org.  That was a real org.  The real problems.  Like everyone doesn't know everyone at that point.  Hmm.  That's probably what serious.  Seriously.  So they're going to go.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's true.  Thank you.  Dude, when we have a billion dollars.  We're going to have all these voice recordings.  They can go listen.  I don't know how you remember that.  I have the shitty walls.  I really want to add.  I need to add a photo thing.  So you can have photos that are mapped at timestamps in the recording.  So like if there's something you want to put in.  You could snap a photo.  And then it's like synced.  I think that would be pretty killer.  That would be cool.  I think that would be pretty killer.  That would be cool.  (upbeat music)
- **20:34** [[quick capture]]: Okay, so the problem with LLMs is the context window.  That's like the most important part, right?  All of the information that gets put into the context window needs to be important.  You need to use as much as possible.  So how do you determine what stuff makes it into that context window?  It's difficult to know if it depends on the model.  Depends on the model, but it also, like, if you do like a search,  if you do like a search, it's like you have all those contents.  I think you mean, like you intentionally.  No, I'm talking about the agent that goes and gets information and puts it into the context window.  So your results of prompt engineering and the it's called RIG retrieval augmentation something.  That's like a term used to refer to it.  So in retrieval augmentation generation.  Yeah, so RIG in RIG, you want to put the game there is to figure out how to put the most important information into the context window is possible for the task at hand.  The higher the quality of the information, the higher the quality of the resulting content that comes out.  So imagine that you could have, you could attach like weight,  to that content that gets considered as a part of the context window.  And based off the weights you can include, you can expand how much that particular particular piece of content to take up more of the context window.  How by just duplicating it or?  No, it's just okay. So let's say you have 10 search results.  Right, you perform a search, use your wants to know.  These are wants to know what the capital of Paris is.  Or sorry, the capital of France is.  Okay.  So for Wikipedia is like a, we want to include as much as content context as possible from Wikipedia based off of like an embedding search because that's like relevant, right?  We can trust Wikipedia. That has a high rating.  Versus like some random site. Like if you, if you were to have done like a Google search or like if you already had content indexed,  like the domain is going to change how much weight to apply it.  So us like a plan was like page rank or something to perform to get like a domain.  Yeah, but it's like a new, it's like page rank but like customized to the domain of study.  So if it's like,  imagine if you could like rank results from hacker news higher than,  I don't know, read it.  Right, that makes sense.  And so you could start by doing like a text or semantic similarity search.  But then the in the resulting content if there's a domain that's like from hacker news, that goes like that's always up.  That's almost like the result is pinned because we want to weight that so high, so much higher than like other content.  Yeah, that makes sense.  Yeah, that makes sense.  You want to break it higher.  Yeah.  And that's something we want to be able to configure too.  Imagine if you could go in and change like what domains are more relevant than others.  And then you can also configure that for a certain category or a certain state of mind that you might find yourself in.  Right, so if you're in.  That's fucks.  Yeah.  It sucks.  So imagine you're in like CEO mode and you want to network more effectively.  You are going to want LinkedIn to rate higher than anything else.  But you also maybe want to consider like crunch base if you want to like a numerate details about like a company.  Right, you as a CEO, you're interested who works there.  Is there anyone from like, why see that I know?  Right.  And you would ideally be just one place that you can go in search.  Like you don't have to log in to LinkedIn or you don't have to open up the web browser.  Like you should just be able to search.  Like you already pay for the service.  You pay for the content.  Like why is it? Why is the search like requiring you to take all these other elaborate steps?  So the the vision that I have that I tried to write about, but I think kind of failed a little bit in my blog post is if you make an integration platform.  That like let's you take like things like LinkedIn or whatever like data source that you as see it free the CEO of a company could use to more effectively do your job.  Because you don't have to go around and loot around for stuff.  Like you value has been added to you by using a service like that.  Like an integrated search like a cross domain integrated search.  But using the the APIs that these companies expose or maybe you have to like scrape a webpage to make it happen.  I was just thinking about like you know multiple data sources that you want to go to rank based on some criteria.  Yeah.  Like fat life. If you want to do kinky shit like fat life could be and that's considered in that search.  Yeah.  Because there's only so many sites you really go to.  Yeah, but it's also like I don't know.  It's interesting to keep like the Google problem but not putting the Google problem in the context of like  GadgetBT.  Yeah.  Like I want to query data but Google is a shitty way of retrieving data.  It's horrible.  Like you know it's a shitty thing.  We know that we need to rank things based on trust and trust is this weird thing you can't quite quantify.  And it's personal.  Yeah.  Trust is very personal.  Yeah.  For sure.  It's like a document on my computer.  It's like the highest value source.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It's like higher key ranking.  Yeah.  And then if you can build if you can like reactively build these indexes based off of what matters to you.  And you can do that easily.  Like that's really valuable.  And companies are going to want to pay you to write an integration for their data so that you can  they can be considered as a part of your search engine.  Maybe I don't know.  Like if you write some key integrations that a lot of people use and then you have like a user based that starts to grow.  Like you can go to companies saying you will have like X percent more engagement on your site.  Like if you if we have like an integration with you.  Or maybe that's not the top one.  I know that's probably not.  Yeah.  But you can go to a company and say like oh all of your services are already integrated into the search box.  I mean a productivity tool that accompanied it.  It increases the productivity workforce.  That's worth money.  Yeah.  That's an easy fucking guy.  Your crowd is just don't think you're going to get there right away.  You're going to get there by selling the visuals.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I mean to get individuals to be power users to use it.  Then you get champions in a company and they want to use it to search your own.  So what's the minimal?  What are the things that like like you could integrate discord?  All right.  It's starting to dislike.  Like is probably is that the most relevant?  Slock and get hug?  I don't know.  Sales force.  I don't need sales force.  But like a lot of useful things on the context of what you're doing.  If you're trying to build a CRM, it's probably different problem.  I'm trying to build a engineering documentation tool.  Yeah.  Yeah.  It would be really helpful to work at a company.  Good insights.  I think you have a counter at.  Yeah.  Oh.  Crash probably could be a stupid thing.  Because it's funny because working in a company now is like it gives us data to  Validate thoughts.  Because there's so many people at a company.  Yeah.  They're your captive audience.  They're literally paid to talk with you.  Yeah.  [LAUGHTER]  The incentives are just a line for them to spend time with you.  You just show.  Really got fucking trade and horse.  Huh?  They get trodured horse.  You go in and do the thing.  You can talk to everyone at this.  You can go through every single person that's on the roster.  That's insane.  It's not that we're interested in company.  You go work out again.  Just from the perspective of like talking in the engineering.  Because they're like not Google skill.  They're going to build themselves.  But they are at the skill or the buy things.  That way.  They'll buy things.  Yeah.  There's a size of critical size.  It's like beyond 2,000 engineers.  Probably not a very good interest in target.  Right.  So it's like somewhere between.  Because it's two large enterprises.  Yeah.  They're just not going to fuck.  They have way to make apartments.  They're shitty customers.  They're 4,500.  Oh.  Oh.  I see.  It's just shitty industries.  Like once you get beyond that size.  But like it's a really, maybe like 200.  500.  1500 engineers.  Because it's a sweet spot.  Dude.  All this is fucking recorded.  That's dope.  200 did like 1500 engineers.  Those sweet spot probably.  Maybe even like as low as 80.  Because at 80 you have an engineering org.  That was a real org.  The real problems.  Like everyone doesn't know everyone at that point.  Hmm.  That's probably what serious.  Seriously.  So they're going to go.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's true.  Thank you.  Dude, when we have a billion dollars.  We're going to have all these voice recordings.  They can go listen.  I don't know how you remember that.  I have the shitty walls.  I really want to add.  I need to add a photo thing.  So you can have photos that are mapped at timestamps in the recording.  So like if there's something you want to put in.  You could snap a photo.  And then it's like synced.  I think that would be pretty killer.  That would be cool.  I think that would be pretty killer.  That would be cool.  (upbeat music)
	-