- #protoflow/work
	- i’m familiar with windmill. there are some fundamental things that are missing from most people’s approaches to this problem space, in my opinion. At least if you want to build a workflow orchestration system that stands the test of time, you can hack something together that makes you money if you know where to look. What you build has to be a framework and it has to be something that lets users define their own block types. Most engines tightly couple why blocks are available to the implementation which makes it impossible to separate and leads to scaling problems down the road. The complexity of the problem comes from the fact that people don’t know how to handle types for the blocks (hence protobuf in protoflow, a core idea). Another important decoupling is resources. What you essentially start to realize you are building is a dependency injection framework, where even the code you are going to run is a “dependency” where it provides data for a subscriber (adding rx was an important milestone for me and it looks like you found that too which is exciting to see). If you can let that philosophy of everyone is a publisher and subscriber to some code, data, etc. you can build a very expressive framework that scales ridiculously small and big. This is an extremely profitable space as well since you could market towards the enterprise business process market whose latest advancement in this space was BPMN in 2004.
	- I have also realized that temporal is more of an implementation detail, especially since it’s based on go’s concurrency model. I stopped trying to support both the in memory execution and temporal execution until i got the in memory one right. Then it is a pretty straightforward inclusion of temporal. That insight has helped with iterating faster on the design
- #lunabrain/ideas
	- searching #ml/search https://github.com/marqo-ai/marqo bm25 and vector
	- https://github.com/microsoft/guidance
	- https://lmql.ai/
	- https://promptchainer.io some good ideas about what lunabrain should look like