- #books https://www.amazon.com/Ecology-Planted-Aquarium-Diana-Walstad/dp/0967377366 kent
- #protoflow/work
	- playing around with xcode and getting frustrated that it is still annoying to manage profiles with xcode
	- trying to get mask app running
		- trying to get at least something
	- going to spend some time working on protoflow
- zac
	- Oh wait shit this protoflow thing is what you’re building? This is cool as hell
	  2:54 PM
	- Hope it’s ok, I sent the video to my best friend John, the product guy I keep doing startups with, to see if he has time to give some thoughts
	- The immediate thought is yes this is impressive as hell and my initial thought is where you’d make money is with a “bricks” marketplace
	- Basic bricks and the ability to write code to create new bricks is free, then sell premium bricks developed by your company, or to extend that more let people develop bricks and sell them with you taking a portion of the profits
	- Or instead of bricks, marketplace for entire flows
	- Flow builder tool is free, marketplace for people to sell flows they create with you taking a portion
	- Roblox as an example from a different industry
	- Roblox for LLMs is a pretty good elevator pitch
	  3:07 PM
	- And then your focus is on building the blocks that people can use to build the flows without needing to know how to code
	- Though you could potentially marketplace the bricks also on top of that
	- Trying to think of how good a moat you’d have
	- Have you built blocks for stuff like stable diffusion and llama etc etc? Roblox for AI is an even better elevator pitch
	- Add blocks for imagine generation stuff also. Tool that allows people to build and sell complex workflows that pipeline LLMs into image generation and a dozen other transforms without having to know how to write code.
	- Ok near the end of the video, I think you’re thinking in the same way
	  3:17 PM
	- I’m seriously impressed, this is really cool. And yes I think there’s a company here. I think this is something openai and the other AI companies are going to try to build. The differentiation you can have is the ability to plug into multiple AI providers.
	- Another killer differentiator and possible thing to charge for would be a “bring your own AI model” premium feature. Free version uses off the shelf AI models. Wanna build workflows using a custom model? Pay us money! Are you a corporation that wants to plug in your own model to build workflows for use in your product or internally? Pay us a whole lot of money!