- #blog When I am programming I sometimes need to see what code looks like before I can determine if it is the right way to model a program. By trying to code what you think you need to code and being able to run i. You can reinforce your mental model of how a computer works. By being able to see so many attempts of trial and error, your code starts to improve. You are able to simulate what teh computer would do with code you are typing in your head before you make any effort to try to start typing. As s you become more developed as an enginer you realize that being able to be someone who is typing at a keyboard trying to capture what is happening in their mind then you might forget about what you were typing about. See with high thinkies it is all about breaking barriers between what your brain is thinking and expressing your tguhs with rhythem theory, the your ability to execute on a given task is significantly increased if you can locake the thythm that you need to be in in order to be thinking thiough t that come from a deep trance state called flow. I need to read more about the father of flow and what he imagined the output of our breain works, but this is also a pretty new field of study with much to be learened. You  want to be able to sketch code and gensture what it should look like before you do something with it. It is expensive to code, even for the most experienced programmer, writing code takes time and debugging. Chatgpt frees your hands up for coding thing that task s that should otherwise b written by hand. I closed my eyes and typed this.
	- vote on if someone should be able to be added to the group
	- we built social media, but we didn't build effective tools for managing consent.
- understand the render cycle of vecty more: https://github.com/hexops/vecty/blob/f980039178f04eaffa72db525cba9c60ec441f19/dom.go#L993