- #blog/ideas #100DaysToOffload Solution vs Abstraction
  id:: 65a24336-8f88-4c0c-9d56-6873a861588c
	- There is a difference between something that solves a problem and something that abstracts details of a problem.
	- If i want a CRM, i might use wordpress or ghost. They solve my problem of wanting a CRM. Over time I write and publish content, but there is something missing. I want to start a podcast on my site. The core CRM offering doesn't have a podcast feature, but a plugin easily solves this problem. The plugin works for a while, until I realize I have some edits I want to make and I don't want to keep opening another app to edit, export, and reupload. What do I do now? I may or may not know how to program myself, but my site is making enough money that I can contract out the code. Maybe I can find someone to build out the plugin features I need for my podcast editing and now I am happy again.
	- The relationship of problem and solution is consistent and is what drives value to flow in the world of business. An abstraction is kind of the weird third kid of the group. Abstraction takes a collection of problems and solutions, tries to find their commonalities, and then proposes a way to remove the duplication that was incurred during the numerous iterations of problem solving. Premature abstraction means you aren't operating with enough problem and solution pairs to build a robust abstraction, trying to accommodate too many and you are paralyzed trying to relate pairs that are too disparate. So how do you find the right abstraction?
	- In our CRM example, the plugin system is the abstraction that was built to accommodate the endless shortcomings of the CRM's core features. Developers had to figure out how to let people extend the system in whatever way a user wanted. If you get the abstraction right, you can start to support many different requires from users, Wordpress plugins have made the CRM ubiquitous.
	- To build the right abstraction, you must master the art of solving problems first and taking notes, mental or physical, along the way. There is no "right" time to abstract, but it certainly is not after the first time you solved a problem. There is never a "it's too late" to abstract, the longer you wait, the more likely you will have to change more things and possibly break more stuff in the process. It is more of an art and a feeling to tune into to understand when the right time is. It is a multi-faceted question to answer. What other constraints might need to be considered when building the abstraction?
- ((65a24336-8f88-4c0c-9d56-6873a861588c))
	- #100DaysToOffload The Cost of an "Abstraction"
		- You may see a pattern and think that it could be abstracted away. Instead of all those hardcoded numbers, you put them all into the variable x.
		- <code example>
		- While they were all numbers, they shouldn't have been grouped together as a variable.
- #blog
- #lunabrain/work
	- fixed esbuild script to support multiple build targets
	- site viewer form can search for things
		- want to be able to also edit posts in there
	- need to work on publish
		- if the content is a site, then
	- #lunabrain/code
		- ```typescript
		  <div role={"tablist"} className={"tabs tabs-lifted w-full"}>
		      <input defaultChecked={true} type={"radio"} name={"site_tabs"} role={"tab"} className={"tab"} aria-label={"posts"} />
		      <div role={"tabpanel"} className={"tab-content"}>
		      </div>
		      <input type={"radio"} name={"site_tabs"} role={"tab"} className={"tab"} aria-label={"config"} />
		      <div role={"tabpanel"} className={"tab-content"}>
		          {form()}
		      </div>
		  </div>
		  ```