- #blog #go/blog Programming Patterns are hard to learn
	- When learning a language, you typically start learning the syntax. This is relatively straight forward to teach, and so you can find abundant books and tutorials for your language. With your dev environment setup, and running code examples, you are ready to use your new tool to solve some problems.
	- You have an idea for an app, so you start coding it in a file. The file grows to be too large, but you know how to split it out into different files. But what code goes in the other file? You toss some functions that seem to be similar to each other into the other file. You continue to make new files with different groups of functions until you remember your language has classes! Classes are for grouping similar to things together so you have a neat place to keep them. Starting to refactor your code to use classes, you realize just how much duplicate code there is. That isn't very CLEAN, good thing we are fixing that problem now.
	- The project continues to grow and different types of data prompt you to refactor your classes even further. Abstracting details into base classes so you can create others that inherit from them. Your code looks beautiful, just like you saw it in the textbook.
	- But then something happens, your project just went viral! Thousands of github users star your repo and start opening issues asking for sick features. Good thing you have been staying on top of writing textbook code, you effortlessly implement what people are asking for. Other developers start to open pull requests, but you notice something about their code, it looks nothing like yours. In fact, it seems as if everyone is writing in their own version of the language your project is. How is that possible?
	- Worried that your code will start to descend into chaos if you accept the PRs, you leave comments urging them to try to copy your coding patterns, insisting they are the right way to code in the language. You get push back from the contributors telling you that they way that they implemented the feature was more idiomatic to the language than they way your code is written. They inform you that in their 20 years of experience writing the language, they have learned the right way to code. Are you wrong? What do you do?
	- A programming language provides an initial mental framework for how to complete objectives. Some are simpler than others. If you want to add two numbers together, you typically have the "+" operator. If you want to model a complex data type and the actions to perform on it, there might be multiple ways to achieve this. Do you use classes with methods or pure functions with parameters? When using classes, when do I abstract, extend, implement? The more features a language have, the more decisions are possible, the more variance in decisions made.
	- Talk about BASIC
	- Illusion of choice, nodejs logging vs go
	- You learn what code should look like by feeling out what works or what doesn't. Reading other people's code and looking at names of things, directory structure, how variables are passed, how do they load configuration values? There will always be heated debates about how code should be structured, so the goal should be to minimize these occurring. The rate at which these happen starts with the language and its community. The stronger the design patterns and community adoption of them, there is less arguing, more high quality code, and the room for people to go deeper in understand what effective higher levels of abstraction look like. In a healthy community, these discoveries can be proposed and possibly adopted into the language itself.
	- Go generics
	- Programs are a tool to get things done. At the end of the day, if the job is getting done and continues to get done, it doesn't matter what language is being used. It is increasingly rare that any code is ever considered "done", and so the study of coding over time is imperative to writing "good" code.
	- Let's say we learned Javascript so that we can build a recipe site. We write server.js, run it, and it works! There aren't many features implemented yet, but we deploy it so our chef friends can start giving feedback.
	- As you write more code, it becomes more complex. Your single file is
- #go/book
	- I want people to immediately get a motivating example of cool code you can write with go. Go is a boring language, but if you provide motivation examples, people will be interested.
	- Show people something that could make them money. Go, docstore, htmx to build a CRUD app
		- Why go and not python?
			- deployment
			- code reuse
	- how do you make dependency management cool?
		- visualization of code and how it is related
	- writing things that go really fast
	- static executables are really cool
	- reading other people's source code to learn design patterns
		- compare with other languages
- #go/book/exercises
	- http server with htmx
	- web scraper
	- cli that does?
		- cool file system operations
	- grpc?