- Dogfooding | My app is OK, it could be better.
  created-at:: [[Jan 9th, 2024]]
  tags:: [[100daystooffload]], [[100daystooffload]]
	- <p>I think there are some really cool things that you get when you dogfood the thing you are building. For those who are unfamiliar with "dogfood", as it relates to the tech world, it means to use it yourself. I have not had much focus on the projects that I have been working on, and now that I am directly dogfooding the app, which aims to help me increase the frequency and quality of how I write, I am held accountable. If my app sucks, I will not want to use it, I will have to resort to another workflow for writing. If the app is good, then I have achieved my goal. I have tried many different workflows for writing over the years and none of them really quite "get me". I think something like <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="https://substack.com/">Substack</a> has come the closest, but it is still not quite there. I want to write completely free of distractions, but when I want to connect my ideas with other people I want it to be effortless. I don't just want to blast people with my ideas, I want to have feedback so that I can improve my writing. And beyond just writing ideas, I want the tool to help me identify prior rabbit holes I have gone down and surface them again when they are relevant. Browsing history is rich with this information, yet it is rarely referred to. Is the information not useful? I don't think so. Someone probably found some helpful resources on "how to program" when they were looking, but they probably opened too many tabs and the window eventually closed, losing their journey. </p><p></p><p>I want to help people discover just how awesome their minds are. We are all so incredibly interesting, we just need a way to communicate how cool we are with others. It isn't easy to do, being a content creator is a full time job, but I think with some better tooling we can all start to share more of our ideas.</p>

- v0: a start | Building tools to help me think
  created-at:: [[Jan 8th, 2024]]
  tags:: [[100daystooffload]], [[100daystooffload]]
	- <p>This post was written by a [tool](https://github.com/lunabrain-ai/lunabrain) that I have been building for a while, and I think this is the first feature that is remotely helpful. I am writing this post in the browser and it is then going to get saved to the database. When I click the Publish button at the top of this page, then the post will be written to a file in LogSeq where I will push it to Github and link people to it from there. Now, this is so much more effort than writing a tweet, but the big difference here is that the content that I have written is saved to my computer first, so that I retain control of it. If I wanted to later access my tweet, I would have to use twitter. What if twitter is down? What if it goes away tomorrow? These are common questions people ask about online services, but little really exists as an answer. I don't want to build another social media site. I really just want to help people connect their ideas in a safe space before they publish them somewhere else. Maybe it does grow into something more social. I am going to continue to focus on solving small problems I have in my life with this app.</p>

