public:: false
tags:: coding, protoflow

- Legos are fun, they are composable
- Code is not composable, not at least in the way we learn to code
- Different environments come with different constraints which end up with different code.
	- Different ecosystems have different standards and ways to solve a problem.
- Legos have been designed to have an incredibly rigid specification that has been upheld for many years. It is trivial to determine impostor bricks (I am looking at you Mega Blocks) from an actual Lego. They look wrong, they _feel_ wrong, they are just simple not as fun to play with.
- When something is possible, someone is going to do it. If someone has done it, then someone might come along and decide to continue to do it in a similar way. All successful programming languages have a following of individuals who follow standards outlined by the language. Whether they are rigid semantic properties that will cause your code to fail to compile, or ideas around how to name variables, people replicate what they see in code.
- AI has shown us just how deeply rooted these lines of thinking are. The more patterns that emerge in code, the easier it is for an AI to replicate these patterns. The "clever" developer comes up with hack after hack and more often than not writes code which they are only capable of comprehending. Since these are "clever" solutions which demonstrate a deep understanding of the tool being used, an AI might have a harder time arriving at the same solution.
- But with Legos, it is quite difficult to bend the rules. *Insert meme of stepping on lego* I mean, they are physically quite hard and not designed to bend. As a result, those who play with legos are much more capable of seeing, reverse engineering, and repeating patterns they see when building sets or looking at other's builds. There are no secrets, there are rarely any surprises, just consistent creative thinking.