- #cookwherever the reason i started this recipe site is because I got really big into baking during covid, and I was incredibly pissed off that recipes were giving me volumetric units. 1 cup of flour is going to give you a huge variation depending on how you scoop. so naturally, being the engineer i am i had to automate this. the USDA publishes food data https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/ which is what every nutrition site uses for calories and what not, but more importantly for me, it has volumetric to mass conversions (every Nutrition Facts has this too if you look at service size). So i made an ETL for my favorite recipe sites, normalized the recipes with NYT's AI model for parsing ingredients https://github.com/nytimes/ingredient-phrase-tagger so I could associate them with the USDA data. Of course, being the engineer I am, I stumbled upon the fact that almost no one has any consistent design patterns for building websites so I found myself rewriting the site 5 times, all the while never quite getting to the point I would have liked to where I am actually associating the volumetric to mass measurements for ingredients.
  [10:02 AM]
  What I really want though is to go to the store and buy what looks good (in season, fresh, or deals). Then come home and find a recipe to make with that.
  That is what I have been building this to be able to do. I have spent a lot of time designing the schema https://dbdiagram.io/d/633fdc01f0018a1c5fb53234 so that I can create relationships like seasonality of ingredients (with data like https://seasonalfoodguide.org/state/alabama). I have some tasks for pulling data from places like Kroger that have online inventories.
-