- https://missing.csail.mit.edu #programming nice course about little things that you should know when programming
- https://indieweb.org/ #internet/communities
- https://schema.org/Recipe #internet/schemas data is stored on the internet, how do you access it in a structured way?
- [[blog/ideas]] It is hard to justify getting out of bed
	- There are days where I can't get out of bed. I open my eyes and think: "here we go again". The bed is just way too comfortable to justify leaving it. What is the point? My bed is warm and soft, and the world is not, why would I go out there today? Maybe if I cycle between youtube and instagram for the next hour I can forget about the fact that I have to actually get up.
	- Now, I would say that I enjoy most of my days. Being at a startup, I enjoy the problems I work on. When I need food, I have a nice kitchen where I can make nice food. Being able to work from home is nice. But why is still so hard to actually start my day?
	- Mental inertia is very real, and when the place that you have to move from mentally is one that is quite comfortable, it is very challenging. I find that having a very repetitive morning routine where I can get some reliable dopamine is the winning formula for me. I like to make my own bread, yogurt, and granola so I always have something on hand for breakfast that I deeply enjoy. I actually get excited really every morning to toast some bread, fill a bowl with yogurt/granola, and pour some tea. I found something that works for me.
	- What works for you? How do you justify getting out of bed ever morning? Is it excruciating for you? I don't know if I truly have any advice besides find what works for you. Maybe try to find some food/drink that you enjoy and have it ready for yourself in the morning. Humans are incredibly habitual creatures and maybe you can find a habit that sticks. Good luck out there!
- #life/sayings Value incremental progress. Take snapshots of yourself every day and love the work that you do. There is no need to focus on the future, you are enough as you are today and your past self has done the best that it can to help you be you. There are always things that could have been different, but if things were different, you would not be who you are today.
- [[javascript/libraries]] https://svelte-native.technology/ mobile svelte development