- it all started with a recipe site. when covid hit, i got super bored. I wanted to pick up a skill, and the past thanksgiving, I made an apple pie that was so good. so naturally as an engineer i went deep. I wanted to make the "perfect apple pie". Turns out my idea of perfect is something with a lot of ginger? Like we are talking spicy levels of ginger. My very white, suburbia family would disagree, but we aren't here to talk about pies (but totally follow me on ig @sogoodicouldpie, and hmu if you want one). Our story takes us to what I observed while trying to make pies. Scouring through recipe books for different pie recipes, I noticed that some books would use the imperial system and some would use the metric system. Some would use volume, some would use mass.
- If you know this secret about baking, good for you, but for those that don't I am about to change your life. If you want to make baking 10x easier, you go on amazon right now and buy a scale <insert link>. All you have to do is dump ingredients into a bowl until you see a number that is close to what the recipe is telling you. It is fantastic, it is amazing, you should do it, but also, you can't. If you are following directions from one of my favorite recipe sites, America's test kitchen, of course because it has "merica" in its name, we get our good ol' red white and blue imperial system. And even worse, they occasionally have volumetric units. So what does a programmer do when they see inferior/inconsistent data? We normalize. Turns out, this is quite a difficult problem. List of ingredients do generally follow some type of structure, but we need some ML to help us out. Fortunately, NYT has a project to do this, unfortunately it is archived. Fortunately mtlynch resurected it, and published a really cool blog series about resurecting a dead OSS project, if you are interested, I would highly recommend those blog posts.
	- https://github.com/nytimes/ingredient-phrase-tagger
	- https://mtlynch.io/resurrecting-1/
- So I first need the recipes, I can get those semi-legally? from the API/scraping the page I am on, I can normalize the ingredients, and I can get close. If the measurement is in oz I am good, but if it is volumetric I need some more processing. I am going to spare you the rabbit hole that this project became, but TL;DR I found the FDA database for nutrition facts, I can further normalize these recipes, but I had to build out this whole recipe normalizing pipeline, along the way, of course, there was scope creep and now this is what the database looks like.
	- https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/
	- https://dbdiagram.io/d/633fdc01f0018a1c5fb53234
- I promise this talk isn't just about my recipe site. I bring up this project because at this point I have rewritten this code 7, 8 times? Between the python scripts, javascript frontend, javascript backend, and now my dream of a future rewrite of this site in go, it has gotten out of hand. I have written and rewritten this project because
	- I was more of a junior application engineer at the start of this
	- wanted to use this project as a sandbox for trying different technology
- I wanted to play with things I would learn about like NLP or trying out different ways of displaying recipes. People dont want to read blog posts before they get to the recipe, let's make that simpler. Do people want to watch a video of a chef making this recipe while they cook? What does a grocery list feature look like? This seemingly simple project ended up exploding with features and complexity, which is really fun to play with.
- But holy shit is writing an application complicated. What happened to PHP? I guess django, rails, flask, aspnet still exist, but man those also kind of annoying in their own ways. Is it unavoidable that a web app framework is going to just kind of be annoying. Are there just too many things that
- If you haven't heard of htmx, I would highly recommend you check it out. It is a return to the ideas that the Internet was founded on and addresses the current shortcomings in html that set it back. I really like the book they have published because it reintroduces these concepts without saying they have the silver bullet to people's problems. There is a difference between a site and an app. There is a time and place for the React SPA and there is a time and place for an htmx application.
	- https://hypermedia.systems/
- This talk isn't even about htmx. This talk is about LEGOs. Does anyone remember spending a ton of money on these plastic foot destroyers? Maybe you still buy legos because they scratch an itch that nothing else really can quite scratch.
	- LATER picture of contest LEGO
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2023-10-21 Sat 15:07:05]--[2023-10-21 Sat 15:07:05] =>  00:00:00
	  CLOCK: [2023-10-21 Sat 15:07:06]--[2023-10-21 Sat 15:07:06] =>  00:00:00
	  :END:
- LEGO's founding principles
- LEGOs are toys that still attract an international fan base and range from young kids to adults. People build small "cars" with a couple of bricks all the way up to incredible feats of engineering all with the same bricks.
- LEGO was not always the "perfect" toy. There was a point in their history where they were hemorrhaging cash as they went through an identity crisis. Brand deals like star wars and harry potter did more harm than good for LEGO's identity. They had to sell LEGO land in europe to fix their problem. A kid who was dying of cancer ended up saving their brand wi