- information vs wisdom
	- [https://realizeengineering.blog/2021/01/20/we-are-drowning-in-information-while-starving-for-wisdom/](https://realizeengineering.blog/2021/01/20/we-are-drowning-in-information-while-starving-for-wisdom/)
	- the tldr is that wisdom is a scarcity in the age of information because the expectations are so high to perform, that you end up drowning in information
	- how this relates to feedly is that ive been thinking about building my own service to unify news sources, but i don’t think that’s what people actually want/need. I almost exclusively check hackernews and youtube for my source of information these days, and even in my attempts to cut down on the noise, they have not been terribly effective. I still find myself drowning in information.
	- What i have realized is that because my social network is so vast, and information that is worthwhile to see naturally finds its way to me, I think I want a news service that shows me only like 5 new articles every day, randomly selected from my news sources, and 5 “reviewed” articles, reviewed by my peers.
	- Because of all the information, i find myself far too often “headline reading” and not going deeper on any content in particular. I have found a lot of success in intentionally limiting myself, in certain ways, in order to be more productive in other ways in my life (ex. using leftovers to make a nice meal is a challenge, rewarding, and educational), so why don’t I try it with information too? I have a chrome extension to only show me videos from my youtube  subscriptions and disables all the other traps that youtube employs to send you down the rabbit hole. I think we can do the same for just general information.
	-