- #highthinkies
	- An AI generated version of yourself to give speeches. Use this to help with public speaking. Potentially determine how to have a "shift" or scaling plan for helping you improve gradually. Like difficulty levels in Guitar Hero. Help users learn how to present better by turning it into a timing thing.
	- What is the team play? Sell it as a perk for them to offer to their employees? Talk about how much presentation skills help a company progress (and helps individuals with their promo packets).
	- I'm just thinking about a way to get people to be able to practice giving speeches that would be fun.
	- It would be killer if it were a game where you could learn speeches and then feed in your own speech to have it help you speak it.
	- I wonder how you would score something like this.
	- You could write an algorithm to measure the timing of each chunk (coming from Whisper) and then perform some math to figure out how long each word/syllable should be.
	- I wonder what some of the applications of this technology would be. Could be marketed at Content creators? With deep fakes could we even turn somebody's video into a high quality version with them speaking?
	- Probably wouldn't work without video deep fakes too, at least for videos, but it would work for certain things like recorded presentations. 🤷‍♂️
- #lunabrain/work
	- I want to have something that is up that people can use
	- Articles should show up as cards under saved links
	- https://github.com/oliviertassinari/react-swipeable-views #js/libraries for scrolling through content
	  id:: 65248b92-a4fc-4f1c-ada6-5b59c344aa9a
	- https://github.com/apple/swift-markdown #swift/libraries
		- https://github.com/christianselig/Markdownosaur/tree/main for using with swift markdown
	- wasn't able to get the markdown working easily, going to pause it
		- https://chat.openai.com/share/24067375-4ea0-4392-a022-9d4f63cb61b8
	- it would be cool to namespace tags based on domains
		- people can combine different domains together to "merge" content
	- added create, get, and delete groups
	- need to figure out how to handle tags
		- do tags belong to a group?
	- import notes from logseq and search through the tags