- #justshare/blog [{"Text":"Rhythm Theory\r\n\r\nSometimes the conversation flows. Other times it is stinted and hardly goes anywhere. When the flow state is activated those involved feel a higher state of satisfaction and connection. A single word can contain the full sense of the conversation or propel it into untouched yet familiar territory. On the flip side, it can be impossible to find meaningful common ground.  An attempt to cut through the BS flops and adds awkwardness to the monotony. Why the dichotomy of experience? What makes some interactions so much more meaningful then others? The answer lies in an experience my friends and I have called rhythm theory.\r\n\r\nRhythm Theory is a good name. With the context of social interaction and the name alone you can already guess what it means. People are able to sync up in such a way that they share similar thoughts, feelings, and experiences of the moment. There are many ways this can be described: a shared rhythm, a joint understanding, synchronized interaction, mutual flow. Extensive scientific research has been put into this state of consciousness. I will explain the specific mental mechanisms eventually, but there is beauty in rhythm theory in that it is something that can be understood intuitively. Shared rhythm is so ingrained into our survival and evolution that it is a natural thing to feel, even if its intricacies are not fully grasped.\r\n\r\nScientifically, this phenomenon is called joint action and entrainment. However, my understanding and coining of the term Rhythm Theory happened before I discovered the actual studies. I have met other people who have found similar comprehension without doing any research. Most formably was a karate teacher who had a method of teaching where he kept a pulse or a beat throughout the entire class. He would speak at a certain pace, do call and responses, and deliver the material in well timed increments. During each class he taught only a handful of new techniques, but kept it engaging by making sure there was no downtime or room for boredom. He said that this style was essential for engaging large classes and especially important for younger students who had trouble concentrating. This method of teaching was very successful and led to him growing a large school with multiple teachers, who he required to learn the same style of instruction. Between each exercise the teacher would say, “Three claps!” and the students would respond, “Clap, Clap, Clap”. This is a prime example of how a group of people can become synchronized in their thoughts and actions. The students listened to the instructor, responded in an audial manner, and knew what to expect each class. There was no room for deviation. Distraction would make the student miss out on the group exercise that everyone else participated in. It was not that the students felt socially obligated to participate, but rather that they felt the enjoyment that comes with a group experience.\r\n\r\nMy understanding of rhythm theory came from going to concerts, listening to music, and dancing with my friends. There was one event in particular that took place in large field where everyone camped. It was unique for being high production, but having a very small crowd. There were large stages, lights, and talented DJs, but absolutely no crowd. Like actually zero people in front of the stage. My friends would be the only ones dancing sometimes. It was kind of awesome having the entire venue to ourselves, creating a space where we could let loose and fully express ourselves through dancing, field frolicing, and conversation.\r\n\r\nHere we came up with the idea of rave theory, an extension of rhythm theory. The idea is that there is a DJ who is setting the beat, everyone else is syncing to that rhythm. It is easy to observe this synchronized action through dancing, but our conversation took the idea deeper. Sitting around our camp and listening to the music emanating from the stage we talked about how our minds were syncing to the music. We were all tuned into the same tempo, far enough away from the stage where we could have a conversation. A person was actively controlling that music creating a presence of someone who cared enough about how their art affected others that they would play it infront of a crowd, or even for an empty field. This created an ambient sense of intention that was intuitively felt. It facilitated deeper and more meaningful connections. Through music, someone was guiding us to have a good time, let our guards down, and enjoy the moment. This led to more meaningful discussions of life which further influenced our shared connection. \r\n\r\nThe meme that night was that we would all be in sync, then someone would mention rhythm theory and thus break it. Like by taking a step back and observing the situation critically we became less in sync. However, I expect that this joke and resulting laughter only further led to our synchronicity.\r\n\r\nIf you are still reading, perhaps you intuitively understand what I am laying down here. We might even be in sync. If so, this next bit of scientific jargon will come more easily. Perhaps with more details we will become more aligned, or maybe this is where I start to lose you.\r\n\r\nHumans evolved the ability to simulate what the future might be. Within our minds we can predict how the weather will change or how a person will act. This ability is very advantageous. Through knowing how a person might act in the future we can decide if they are a safe person to get to know better or determine how to act in order to support those we care about. There is a part of our brains that is dedicated to simulating how others might act. This part is directly linked to our physical senses. As we get new information about the work we are able to update those simulations. In philosophy this is represented by the idea of the “other”. Similarly, we also have a simulation of how we will act in the future. This is the philosophical idea of “self”. The self is linked to our actions and motor control. It determines how we physically act. \r\n\r\n\r\nJoint action is when multiple people all perform the same action together. This has been researched with musicians playing together in an orchestra. It happens when your simulation of the other is similar to another person’s simulation of self, and that other person’s other simulation is similar to your self simulation. The synchronization of two people's self and other simulations can be observed in brain waves resonating on the same frequencies. \r\n\r\nThe act of becoming more in sync is called entrainment. As my actions are picked up by another person’s senses my self simulation becomes more similar to their other simulation. If they are able to acknowledge my actions with actions of their own then a feedback loop is created. The more we are able to understand and respond to each other, the more in sync our simulations of each other and ourselves become. This could result in a satisfying conversation, a beautiful piece of orchestral music, a satisfying dance, or any number of things involving multiple people.\r\n\r\nThere are many parts of the brain that create these inner simulations. While I am only a laymen in the realm of neuroscience, I can point out some interesting and relevant features. At the risk of breaking whatever rhythm you, the reader, has attained, let's get technical.\r\n\r\nSelf simulations are influenced by the default mode network (DMN). This is a network of different regions that are responsible for thinking about one’s self, contemplating the past and future, and distinguishing between self and others. \r\n\r\nThere seem to be many parts of the brain that stimulate other simulations, such as the Superior Temporal Sulcus (STS), which is active when interpreting language and the actions of others, and the Anterior Cingulate Cortex (ACC) which is involved in empathy and emotional resonance. These regions help predict the actions of others and understand how they are feeling, respectively. Mirror neurons are also important in other simulations. They fire when performing an action or watching someone perform the same action. This facilitates imitation and an understanding of the actions of others. Mirror neurons are a bridge between observation and action.\r\n\r\nIdeas of self and other are certainly not clearly defined neurological features. There is a lot of overlap between the different regions of the brain to create these social concepts. The important concept here is that there are different parts of the brain with distinct purposes which interact in order to create our understanding of ourselves, others, and the world around us. The different parts of the brain are influenced by our senses and determine our actions. If the rhythmic patterns of neural activity are similar between two people then they will be in sync.\r\n\r\nRhythm theory is a good philosophical framework to consider in daily life. The problem with philosophy is that while it makes sense intellectually, it can be hard to apply and act upon. One of my favorite philosophies to study is stoicism. The idea of being aloof is great, but easier said than done. Recently, I have been studying Lacan, Zizek, and Deluez. They all have interesting ideas on language, desire, and knowing oneself, but are very hard to understand and even harder to apply. Deluez tries to solve this by not even wanting to be understood. His philosophy aims to put you in a state of delirium where you subconsciously accept his ideas rather than thinking about them. \r\n\r\nWhile deep thought and mental flexibility are undoubtedly important to personal growth, I believe that there are also easier truths about consciousness and social interactions that can guide us. Rhythm theory is helpful in this because it forces us to think about interactions in the moment. While in an interaction you can ask yourself, how well do I know this person? How can I know them better? This knowledge can help you anticipate their responses and therefore become more in sync. Are you actively listening and responding to what someone is trying to convey? What people feel and want to express can be different than what they actually say. Words and emotions are not perfectly connected. The reasons we say certain things or use certain words are due to the emotions we feel. Thinking about what lies under the surface of a conversation or interaction can help us sync better. These are ways that rhythm theory can help you understand others better.\r\n\r\nLooking inwards you might think about how you are feeling about what the other person is saying or doing. Are your responses to their actions being understood? Are there different ways you could respond that would be easier for them to understand? Knowing or considering how you are being perceived is essential to syncing with another person. By considering yourself and the other person from a higher perspective you become more aware of the nuances of the interaction. You create a means of adjusting the flow of the interaction rather than simply being caught up in it.  If you are not in sync with someone and wish to be then some amount of intention can get you there.\r\n\r\nIntention is the key idea here. I think that most people are aware of how social interactions are influenced. After a bad interaction it makes sense to think about what went wrong. After a good encounter we enjoy thinking about all the things that went right. However, taking advantage of this knowledge in the moment requires intention and awareness. Simply knowing all of this and remembering it in the moment is enough I think. \r\n\r\nIntention can even happen before the moment. I don’t profess to always thinking about rhythm theory when I interact with people. In fact I rarely do. However, I do often use strategies that help me sync with others. Intention starts with planning and syncing starts with action. Planning actions that you have in common with others sets the intention to sync up. My friends and I have a lot in common and plan activities and have conversations around those commonalities. We go out dancing and then have a conversation in the corner of the room. We go deep on technical aspects of software development, then have more personal conversations. \r\n\r\nA big part of my current happiness in my personal life and at work are due to taking a more intentional approach to both. Reflecting on my life and realizing the moments where I have been reactionary rather than intentional have helped me grow my awareness. I have a great friend group and it is easy for us to sync. Just talking about rhythm theory with them has caused us to grow closer I think. Talking about communication is an extraordinarily valuable skill. It is a way to set intention. Discovering the best way to interact with another will allow your actions to be better perceived. Telling the other how you like to be communicated with will allow them to reciprocate. \r\n\r\nApplying this at work has been harder, but very impactful. There are tasks to be accomplished and it is not always clear what those tasks are or how to accomplish them, especially when there is a team and an entire organization that is working to make it happen. I have always thought that I had good social skills (or potential at least), but figuring out how to make those social skills work in the workspace has been more challenging. In short the process is more important than the outcome because the process will always drive the outcome. It is important to produce the desired outcome, but it is more important to have the correct process to make it to the correct outcome. Furthermore the process that an individual has in mind, might not be the same as the rest of the team. Especially in the computer science industry, there are many preconceived ideas on what a process should be. Agile development, KISS, and scrum are but a few keywords that can drive development. However, it is up to the team and the individuals on the team to determine how they work. When I started thinking about rhythm theory and after experiencing a bit of strife, I realized that it is far more important to find good interactions with a team then it is to focus on the team’s outcome. \r\n\r\nIf a good rhythm is not found, within work or a friend group, then deeper outcomes will be harder to realize. Since the process yields the outcome, focusing on the process is always the most important. At work I can leave it to my manager or the organization to drive the outcome. Within my friend group the outcome is of little concern as long as we enjoy the process. For these reasons it is important to enjoy the rhythm of the moment and not care about what the future may hold. The future is always approaching, the only thing that we have control over is the moment.\r\n","Timestamp":"2024-07-14 03:33:19"},{"Text":"Something that I have noticed about my brain is that I don't like to think linearly. Or maybe, I found that I get a lot of enjoyment from jumping between thoughts and ideas regularly. It keeps life interesting. I don't have to deal with the nitty-gritty details about something unless I want to. I am constantly considering if what I am looking at is actually what I should be looking at. For example, if you spent a year of your life working on something that turned out to change completely the next year, how would you feel? I try to avoid spending time like this and instead hedge my bets that jumping around may not lead to immediate depth on a topic, but I have faith that I will eventually \"get there\" wherever \"there\" is. Writing is an interesting way of analyzing how your brain works. I have a deluge of thoughts cascading through my brain at any given moment and my fingers try to claw onto anything coherent that they can and document it. When writing a first draft, it is imperative you get out of the way of your brain and let the thoughts come effortlessly. It is a lot easier to reflect on something written than something simply thought. Some ideas that I document have come from day dreaming where I have reflected on things that I have read or seen.","Timestamp":"2024-07-12 18:35:37"},{"Text":"\u003cb\u003ehello\u003c/b\u003e","Timestamp":"2024-06-29 04:13:20"},{"Text":"toorcamp\r\n\r\nthere is a place to eat, beerocracy, coffee, adas, guest kitchens, cabins for established elite, random popups that feel like a side quest or mini game, walkies talkies are social media, kids are here screaming with laughter, if you want to \"work\" by going to tech talks then you can do that and actually learn something about your subject matter. electric scooters dash around, people camping. the level of effort that went into beerocracy is incredible. everything is exceptionally approachable. people want to see and experience interesting things in ways they have never before. I was able to try soldering for the first time in a long time.\r\n","Timestamp":"2024-06-29 04:12:56"},{"Text":"asdf","Timestamp":"2024-06-28 16:02:17"}]