- #100DaysToOffload #books Books for Business
	- Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas from the Computer Age
- #100DaysToOffload Stream, stream of conciousness
	- Okay. All right. right now if I talk. Yes, let's go. Alright now if I talk, yes, let's go, let's go. Alright. [sigh] (sighing) programming. programming. This is where we started. This is kind of This is kind of the beauty of programming. Let me tell you about the beauty. This is kind of the beauty of programming. Let me tell you about the beauty of programming. So we got someone-- We got someone that had a question. We got someone that had a question about what do we got here. We got a question. We got a question about [ Silence ] What program? programming language, white goaling on the back end. programming language, why GoLing on the back end? So question, why GoLing on the back end? Go Ling! And then go Ling is a language where people spend a a lot of time thinking about how to write software. a lot of time thinking about how to write software, not just how to write a language. a lot of things with software that take a long time. lot of things with software that take a long time. For example, I wanted to get my voice to show up in this box. the thing that I'm talking into. That took time to... the thing that I'm talking into. That took time to figure out. It would it is a task that would take longer. it is a task that would take longer in or longer or shorter. shorter in other languages. There's certain attributes of shorter in other languages. There are certain attributes about languages which make it better worse whatever better worse whatever like in certain dimensions just because of the way that way that it's written. For example, like... way that it's written. For example, like HTML, if you consider, yeah, it's like a It's people it's like not a programming language because it's not turning to It's people it's like not a programming language because it's not Turing complete But it is a language to express things in some way way. And it is to way. And it is declarative. It says here you go, here are all the tags. This is how is how they're ordered. But that's pretty much it. is how they're ordered. But that's pretty much it. You can't do anything functional. You need something else to interpret. interpret the HTML in order to make it functional, interpret the HTML in order to make it functional. And that's where you have something like JavaScript. So I started-- started thinking about like my recommendations for... started thinking about like my recommendations for languages and And it changes over time. And it changes over time. The language that you should be using will change over time. There's no one size fit all length. There's no one size fit all language, but over time as you you try out different things, you will start to see you try out different things, you'll start to see some patterns and languages and depending on how how deep you want to go with it like you can on how deep you want to go with it, like you can write your own language based off of things that you've seen. scene work and work well. You see take those scene work and work well. So you take those pieces and put them together. So... I like Go because it is a language that I don't... I like Go because it is a language that I don't have to use forever. And when that time comes where I need to switch over to something else... And when that time comes where I need to switch over to something else, it is a language. That is good enough for now that like That is good enough for now that like I will be able to easily try transfer over just cuz go it's so simple the tooling transfer over just because go it's so simple the tooling so good if I need to like refactor stuff especially with AI, like I could just have code generation that generates With AI like I could just have code generation that generates it goes from go code to whatever language I want to write to write in. write in. Another thing that I've thought about is maybe Go is like the baseline. It's like Go is like the baseline. It's like the operating system or the core internals for for another language that I built on top of it. for another language that I built on top of it. And when that happens, all of these things that I've written go and spend a lot of time writing and perfecting, they can all kind of spend a lot of time writing and perfecting, they can all kind of come with me. Go is just it's so terribly serious. Go is just, it's so terribly simple that it like bothers people, I think. that it's so simple and you can't do these very creative things. that it's so simple and you can't do these very creative things in programming. Because it kind of... It kind of makes the creativity. It kind of makes the creativity come later, I think. this instant feel of creativity depending on who you are. this instant feel of creativity depending on who you are. are some cool things that you can do, like immediately. are some cool things that you can do, like immediately with go. But I think maybe just because of what's out there in terms of content. But I think maybe just because of what's out there in terms of content, like JavaScript just seems like you can do. and do things a lot more visually appealing quickly. do things a lot more visually appealing quickly. And maybe that will change over time. But I do to dress with that. to address with that. There's a really cool project like GIS. I think it's called I think it's called... ...going GIO. Yeah, GIO UI. Yeah, GIO UI. Oh, this is so cool. So as I talk, I can pull this up.https://gioui.org/ and then boom. And then boom I can just put that right into the text so what I publish this Oh fuck. Oh, this is gonna be so bad. Oh, this is gonna be so big and I didn't even need to do that. I could have just I've just been on that site and I clicked like clip or save and then I've just been on that site and I clicked like clip or save and then it just like dumps it in there. So... So, yeah, like take a look at this. Taking time to really learn Python, I think is a good sign. Taking time to really learn Python, I think, is a good start. And there's free code camp, which-- has just been the absolute best online.https://www.freecodecamp.org/ has just been the absolute best online resource. Boom. that you can use. that you can use. And I think what's interesting interesting about it is I think interesting about it is I think you could reliably if you're a dedicated person just on that website, learn what they have to teach. on that website, learn what they have to teach, and probably reliably get a job, or at least least like an internship somewhere. least like an internship somewhere. Like you learn a lot, you could learn a lot there depending on the again motivation but it's it's really nice it's it's a really again motivation but it's it's really nice it's it's if you're like a self-starter like that's a great place bootcamp camps are also I think still a generally good place. camps are also I think still a generally good place to kind of get up to speed. Um, but you should be But you should be hacking on ideas. literally me talking into this box is an example. literally me talking into this box is an example of hacking on an idea. And I've been trying to hack on this for so long. long where I'm like wouldn't it be cool if I could talk and it just shows. long where I'm like wouldn't it be cool if I could talk and it just shows up in the box like it just shows up or I'm talking what I'm saying. And now I can do that. talking what I'm saying. And now I can do that. So I think what's what's interesting is that you just get so motivated. what's interesting is that you just get so motivated to code when there's something that's that's interesting that you could that's interesting that you could do. So for example, I thought it interesting. to have my voice show up in the spot. to have my voice show up in this box that I can now save and then publish to my personal website in this room. this rant, this whole spiel. this rant, this whole spiel. And so I made it happen, I made it come to life. And I learned some things in What did I learn? Well, before I... what did I learn? Well, before I did this, I was trying to do a uh, some OAuth stuff and it was like annoying. uh, some OAuth stuff and it was like annoying because the library that I'm using to do that is written not in a way that's great. is written not in a way that's great, but it does do something helpful. helpful for me. helpful for me. So I'm gonna like, I guess submit a PR to fix this problem. CUT, damn. So anyway, I'll see you next time. So anyway, that was like a tangent that I had to learn. I had to learn all about this. thing. So that was like something that's a part of the process. thing. So that was like something that's a part of the process. And I I think what's interesting is this feature was actually really... I think what's interesting is this feature was actually really straightforward to add because I had already I'd already written the code to take whisper. I'd already written the code to take whisper and take my voice from my thing. into my mouth into the mic. into my mouth into the mic, into the computer, into this thing of streaming tech. text on the right all the way over here. on the right all the way over here into my browser. So I had written this part. the part that like streams this text over here. the part that like streams this text over here. What I needed to do was hook it up to my editor and so in order to achieve that my editor and so in order to achieve that I had to add a button that's pretty straightforward and then I had to add this code, which would I had to add this code, which would call this back in. This is where it gets like a little. little complicated to explain. little complicated to explain. Like, I have that's it. content voice input so I made this protobufth This protobuf is critical. thing this protobuf is critical yeah it's complicated it's fucking complicated Um... Um... Oh my god. Oh my god. So I had to add this part of a thing. thing and the protobuf is critical and it's thing and the protobuf is critical and it's I'm not exactly sure how to communicate it but there's This is a GRPC service. this GRPC, this is a GRPC service definition. By creating one of these, you get a lot of code. you get a lot of code. Like there's so much code that gets generated and it's very helpful code. it's generated in a very it's just very It's generated in a very, it's just very good. The code that's generated is very high quality code. And what it does, it can bind what's happening on the screen. And what it do Find what's happening over here on the right and the back end with what's happening.es, it can bind what's happening on the front end, the thing that's happening. on the user thing. So over here. on like the user thing, like so over here. and just and just put the chat there. I don't care. So it can combine Find what's happening over here on the right and the back end with what's happening in the front end. What's nice about that? What's nice about that is if something goes wrong, something changes. changes, like for example, I want to combine. changes, like for example, I want to combine the voice input. That's something that's changing. It creates everything that needs to exist, at least in like the scale. it creates everything that needs to exist, at least in like the skeleton, and then I just fill out the skeleton parts. So on the front end, the skeleton was just pretty much So on the front end, the skeleton was just pretty server. I called the voice input and now I just go through the go through everything that's coming back, and then I insert it into my... go through everything that's coming back, and then I insert it into my editor. This is a very dense cut. code and it's code that I really wish could be expressed a little more. code and it's code that I really wish could be expressed a little more succinctly but whatever. And on the back end... And on the back end, we have voice input, which is called calling into whisper. So this this thing is automatically calling into whisper. So this this thing is automatically generate. Oh, I'm saying this thing, but I'm not even showing it. Anyway, it's code. Anyway, it's code. I don't know. I think it's just so deep. I think you're just... you just get to a point where you're so deep in code that to You just get to a point where you're so deep in code that to communicate it to almost anyone is impossible. possible because you just need so much shared context. possible because you just need so much shared context in your mind. This is what this is what bothers me This is what bothers me so much is like how much context, how much shit you need. you need to explain in order to get someone to see what that you need to explain in order to get someone to see what you're trying to do with code. 'Cause it's so-- frustrating to work on coding projects with people because it's frustrating to work on coding projects with people because it's like you add a meld your mind together and it's very difficult difficult to do that. difficult to do that. But anyway, so all those things that I described. If you manage to do them. If you manage to do them and this I think is like there are easier easier ways to do this, but like I said before, I'm easier ways to do this, but like I said before, I'm writing code that's going to last around So I think it just requires a little bit more work. So I think it just requires a little bit more work. But if you put in that little bit more work, you now have something that you can use for a very long time and now anytime I need that you can use for a very long time. And now anytime I need a feature where I just need to talk it into-- into something like I can just do that like I can. into something like I can just do that. Like I could be... Talking and like I don't know sending an answer. Talking and like I don't know sending an email or I don't know whoever the fuck I don't care You can just do a lot of stuff down. Is the idea. You can just do a lot of stuff down is the idea and I just think it's so cool So, let's see. I don't have a way to...