- #xctf/mcps/2023 video outline
	- students show up
	- audience scan
	- students at work
		- flash to hacking scenes from movies
		- physical challenge
			- hallway
		- moments of clarity
		- white guy reviewing food
	- problems with competition?
	- grading
	- speakers?
	- prizes
	- finalists
- #xctf/work
	- need to get python in docker image
		- should this be its own service?
	- start python service
	- hook up challenges
	- be able to deploy docker challenges too
		- better kubes manager
	- does the docker container also need docker?
	-
- #resume/bio
	- Understanding risk and mitigating it drives me. To understand risk, you must first understand the product. I excel at working with engineering teams to understand where security can seamlessly integrate within their workflows. Building tools and frameworks for making the easiest solution, the most secure one, is my passion. At Uber, I identified trends in bug bounty submissions, translated them into projects, and delivered tools and frameworks for mitigating the system issues in the infrastructure.
	- I have extensive experience with AWS and Kubernetes, having worked with them at both Uber and LunaSec. Due to their complex nature, they are prime candidates for security to introduce solutions for developers to use.
- #go/book
	- for syntax, cover the main features
		- single quotes are characters, double quotes are strings
	- everything should work offline
	- everything should exist in one binary
		- development cycles
		- deployment is easier
		- not always possible, but hold out as long as you can
	- the power of io.Reader and io.Writer
		- unix design principles
		- everyone uses this interface, if you aren't you arent writing go
	- go is the rave that will keep going well beyond when you think the party would end.
	- what makes a good language?
		- it gets the job done today, tomorrow, and for the foreseeable future
		- code is easy to read, humans write syntax
		- code is fast to run, computers execute bytes
		- it can run on other computers easily
	- power of os library
		- history? cloud9?
		- cross platform
	- #go/book/test
		- tests as documentation
			- you can clearly demonstrate how an API is intended to be used by writing tests for it
			- Rust has something similar, good pattern
			- thorough tests will make it harder to see succinctly how to use things. examples are still a good idea
	- You always have to figure out how to be "in the know" in your generation to understand how to mine value from technology. Just because it exists, isn't a free ride to value. There are surges where the way to make money is very obvious and have a low barrier to entry, dotcom boom, but ultimately these times will seemingly end.
		- If you can figure out how to reliably survey for value, you do not need to wait to be in the know, you can be the one who is the know(?) Linux is not going anywhere anytime soon, so becoming an expert in it is well worth your time. Core utils may not change, but libraries that are commonly used will.?
			- Is docker changing the landscape of needing to know linux? Is everyone going to be coding in vscode on their chromebooks and deploying to the cloud? Is this a good thing?
		- From everything that I have studied from programming language theory to how to build a company to scale to incredible value, Go continues to be a language that signals reliable value.
	- #go/book/bad
		- ```go
		  // SetExif encodes and sets EXIF data into the given segment. If `index` is -1,
		  // append a new segment.
		  func (sl *SegmentList) SetExif(ib *exif.IfdBuilder) (err error) {
		  	defer func() {
		  		if state := recover(); state != nil {
		  			err = log.Wrap(state.(error))
		  		}
		  	}()
		  
		  	_, s, err := sl.FindExif()
		  	if err != nil {
		  		if log.Is(err, exif.ErrNoExif) == false {
		  			log.Panic(err)
		  		}
		  
		  		s = makeEmptyExifSegment()
		  
		  		prefix := sl.segments[:1]
		  
		  		// Install it near the beginning where we know it's safe. We can't
		  		// insert it after the EOI segment, and there might be more than one
		  		// depending on implementation and/or lax adherence to the standard.
		  		tail := append([]*Segment{s}, sl.segments[1:]...)
		  
		  		sl.segments = append(prefix, tail...)
		  	}
		  
		  	err = s.SetExif(ib)
		  	log.PanicIf(err)
		  
		  	return nil
		  }
		  ```
- why is buf trying to reach out? Failure: the server hosted at that remote is unavailable. Are you sure "buf.build" is a valid remote address?