- #justshare/work
	- [https://github.com/justshare-io/justshare](https://github.com/justshare-io/justshare). It has become more of a blogging/note taking platform, somewhere between ghost and notion. The focal point is the editor, where you capture your ideas, and the tagging system puts your ideas to work. Anything tagged with "blog", is posted to [https://breadchris.com/blog](https://breadchris.com/blog), and similarly, "newsletter" gets emailed to my subs. I have more tag -> destination adapters like "discord", "slack", or "notes" (write a file to disk) which I think is pretty interesting.
- #go/book
	- go incentivizes best practices
		- since it is so easy to use other people's code, the code that "wins" and continues to be used is the code that is the easiest to use
		- this ends up being
	- #go/book/packages
		- internal vs pkg
- #blog/ideas bytes are just bytes
	- take a stream of bytes and store them. it is kind of useful, you can look at them again later, but it might take you some time to understand them. enter encodings. we can turn these bytes into something we can read. this works well with simple things like text, but what about something more visual like an image? we need file formats. pdf? more specification, more formats. what if the stream of data was blasting in way too many bytes for us to handle? we are going to need to be more clever about how we handle them. what if what we are storing them on goes down? how do we keep our precious data around? also, every time we update this system of storing bytes, we have to move our data around. this is all very challenging.
	- we can get bogged down with the insane infrastructure that we have developed to store data, but what if we remembered that we just need bytes to go somewhere? maybe there are some patterns we have learned about ways of storing data that doesn't require us to span multiple datacenters and VPCs to get something done.
-