---
title: "/private/journal/ | 2022-07-21"
---

the more I look through dependency hell of npm packages, the more I am convinced that the only way to make truly meaningful security impact is through package sandboxing. Visualizing and clicking through packages that have a low quality score (https://npmgraph.js.org/) really highlights the fact that any one of these developers could have an expired email, reused password, accepted a malicious PR, protestware, etc. Obviously im preaching to the choir here, but it feels very "correct" to me that this is what needs to happen and I think the only way to build people's intuition around this being the solution is through the use of visualizations like this. We have to make it seem very real to developers/managers that they could be next in a compromise scenario. The work that we are currently doing with parsing package lock files is getting us closer to this and focusing on giving developers the magic button for updating dependencies will be the missing tool for people to use right now.

The bigger play, that will really start to seperate us from everyone else, is the package sandboxing. Maybe the proxy is the MVP of this, since we can wait X days before allowing the package release through or transparently apply restrictive sandboxing permissions on untrusted packages (ex. deny network/io access to a dep that only has constants). 

We can take ideas from what bytesafe is doing since they already have a nice UI for managing a package proxy, but there is def room for improvement. https://bytesafe.dev/

