- #lunabrain/work look at primitives in https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs
	- There are a lot of interesting concepts here, it is probably worth while to spend some time playing with what is here
	- the tutorials are really good, a lot to learn from them https://haystack.deepset.ai/tutorials/11_pipelines
- #lunabrain/ideas There are a lot of awesome writers on medium and towards data science who have written about cool things. Maybe it would be nice to collect all their articles they have written about.
- #lunabrain/ideas What is going to happen with ML?
	- Where is the value?
		- There is a lot of (mostly) warranted hype around ML. Accessibility is as great as it has ever been, to the point where children are able to be playing with it and get results that affect the world around them. As more people are able to use ML to augment their day to day work, there will be more of a push for companies to integrate this into the workflows of their employees. Productivity benefits will be undeniable.
		- I like to use the term "lossy information compression and translation" to describe the major benefit of ML right now. To communicate what is happening in the world around you, that you otherwise would have missed, a computer can condense a bunch of information into a much more consumable form for you. The translation helps transform the content into something that you can understand (explain it like I am 5) as well as possibly entertain (explain it to me like I am an audience member at a stand up show). Managers who are away from their team the whole day can quickly catch up to what has been talked about in chat and meetings by compressing the information into a series of "tweets" that can be scrolled through. As a piece of information becomes of interest, more fine grained detail can be supplied. This comes at the cost of mental overhead, since it is simply more information to parse, but there already has been a willingness to investigate this information further, so a user is prepared to take that on.
	- What are the problems?
		- It is hard to scale ML. ML is only as good as the data that it has accessible. Fine tuning a model on data is the dream land, but it seems that we are not quite at that point yet. Availability of open source models provides limited quality of results, but it seems that coming to a repo near you, you will be able to fine tune your own production ready, state of the art model of your own (this already exists with Llama to some extend, but you can't use this in production due to licensing).
		- The work around for not being able to fine tune is using a vector search. There are a number of offerings that exist today that let you index information to later be retrieved. They seem to work OK, but there is still a concern for larger companies to be shipping off sensitive information. An on prem offering is still very desirable.
- #lunabrain/ideas Using Haystack promptnode to summarize documents https://haystack.deepset.ai/tutorials/21_customizing_promptnode
- #lunabrain/work build timeline view of discord messages and links
	- Extract links from discord messages
	- ```js
	  function nodeIdContainsString(node, string) {
	    if (node.id && node.id.includes(string)) {
	      return true; // if the node has an id and it includes the specified string, return true
	    }
	    return false; // otherwise, return false
	  }
	  
	  function getAnchorHrefs(node) {
	    if (!node?.getElementsByTagName) {
	    	return [];
	    }
	    const anchorTags = node.getElementsByTagName('a'); // get all anchor tags on the page
	    const hrefs = []; // initialize an empty array to store href attribute values
	    for (let i = 0; i < anchorTags.length; i++) {
	    	if (anchorTags[i].href === '') {
	    		continue;
	    	}
	      hrefs.push(anchorTags[i].href); // add the href attribute value to the array
	    }
	    return hrefs; // return the array of hrefs
	  }
	  
	  function observeAnchorTags(callback) {
	    const observer = new MutationObserver(mutations => {
	      mutations.forEach(mutation => {
	        mutation.addedNodes.forEach(node => {
	        	if (!nodeIdContainsString(node, 'messages')) {
	        		return;
	        	}
	        	
	        	const anchorHrefs = getAnchorHrefs(node);
	        	if (anchorHrefs.length === 0) {
	        		return;
	        	}
	        	callback(anchorHrefs);
	        });
	      });
	    });
	    observer.observe(document.body, { childList: true, subtree: true });
	  }
	  
	  observeAnchorTags(hrefs => {
	  	console.log(hrefs);
	  });
	  ```
	- Discord bot view and hackernews view
		- should be able to view different channels and higher level summaries of activities
- Fixie
	- Chat
	- Hosting
	- Users and Storage
	- Search
	- Oauth
	-